Public health insurance offers citizens more choices Jacob Hacker.

The case for public plan.

Public insurance offers an option to uninsured and struggling Richard Kirsch, National Campaign Manager for Health Care for America Now!

Three Reasons for the Choice of a Public Health Insurance Plan.

But the millions of Americans who are tired of increasing costs and decreasing benefits should have the chance to opt into a program that will offer affordable, quality care, says Health Care for America Now's Richard Kirsch."'

Is the Public Plan Option a Necessary Part of Health Reform?

Urban Institute: "The arguments around the public plan too often ignore what we believe is the central reason for including a public plan as a component of reform: that health insurance markets today, by and large, are simply not competitive.

The case for public plan.

Just in case you don't believe this, ask yourself this... if 51% of the public thought slavery was good, would you use that as an argument for a change in equal rights' laws?"

Either you should be opposed to fire/police protection and universal healthcare, or should support both.

Health care is a basic human right or entitlement Health is fundamental to the preservation of all other individual rights.

And, of course, one cannot pursue happiness if they are in a hospital bed.

This is why health must be considered a basic human right.'

If citizens have a right to be healthy, they are due some protections from the sickly.

If there is a conflict between life and money life should prevail because it is a right while money is a want not a need. '

Contradictory to argue public option bad, insurers can't compete Critics of a public insurance option often argue simultaneously that a government-run insurance option is far worse, and less efficient than private insurance.

If private insurers believe their product is superior, they should not be worried about a public option."

But do people who don't drive recklessly ask for money back when roads are damaged?

Without health care, the poor are more vulnerable and have a harder time achieving their goals.

Universal health care violates individual freedom and responsibility It is important that individuals be treated as free moral agents, accountable to their own actions, and not held accountable to the actions of others.

Universal health care holds some individuals accountable for the actions of others.    '

The main premises here is that "rights" should only protect individuals from harm from others and allow them certain freedoms, but a right to universal health care entails individuals burdening other members of society (possibly violating the liberties of innocents) for things that are perceived as needed or desirable.

Securing one right by impeding on other is illegitimate.'

Universal health care systems suffer from inequality of care Some studies have found that universal health care systems are vulnerable to socio-economic inequalities in the care provided. '

However, a single-payer health plan would eliminate that option and all citizens would be forced to give up their ability to maintain a confidential doctor-patient relationship.

Whether universal health care is a legitimate "burden" on the tax payer should be considered inconsequential.

For instance - would it be equal if no one had access to MRI's?

When the wealthy must use public health care, the system improves If the wealthy are not allowed to buy better health insurance, and are forced to use public single-payer health care, they come to realize that the only way to ensure good care is to pressure for good universal health care.

People have a right to pay more for better health care Froma Harrop.

Universal health care will have rules that decrease patient flexibility "Should the Government Provide Free Universal Health Care for All Americans?"

Balanced Politics.org - "Government-controlled health care would lead to a decrease in patient flexibility.

For example, would "elective" surgeries such as breast implants, wart removal, hair restoration, and lasik eye surgery be covered?

Is the Public Plan Option a Necessary Part of Health Reform?

Indications from the Medicare Advantage experience suggest that, if anything, private plans would most likely be favored over a public plan.

For example, Medicare Advantage plans are paid percent more than Medicare fee-for-service in 2009 for the average beneficiary, clear evidence that traditional Medicare has not always been favored (MedPAC 2009)."'

It is wrong to make more vulnerable people pay more for insurance The modus operandi of the insurance industry is that the vulnerable (people of higher risk of becoming ill) pay more for health insurance.

But, this is unfair and contrary to the higher moral principles upon which societies should be founded.

Society should strive to defend and care for the needy and vulnerable, instead of subjecting them to a system that punishes them for their disadvantages.'

And, of course, this model can be expanded out further, if need be, to aid the needy.'

Most uninsured simply can't afford it; it's not a choice Kao-Ping Chua, "Arguments and counterarguments about universal health care".

Universal care would protect doctors/hospitals from free-loaders Uncompensated care is a problem for hospitals and doctors.

Universal health care is not welfare; its benefits are diverse/widespread Universal health care is about cutting costs, streamlining patient care, simplifying care, and providing high quality health care to all citizens.

The benefits are far to diverse to pigeon-hole universal health care as just "welfare".'

Public insurance would not kill the private insurance industry Probably the best evidence of this is found abroad in places such as France, where both public and private health insurance options exist in a hybrid system.

Many uninsured are lazy free-loaders who don't deserve care Many uninsured are simply lazy, and believe they can get a free ride off of the system.

Do large numbers of uninsured give cause to universal health care?

Single-payer systems involve government paying for private services Most single-payer systems in Europe, as well as ones proposed in the United States (building on Medicare), involve the government paying for the insurance of individuals.

Rationing in U.S. health care is based on income: if you can afford care, you get it; if you canxd5t, you donxd5t."'

If a person is "rationed out" of the public health care service (perhaps because the treatment is not considered effective or cost effective enough to warrant intervention) they will be able seek alternative treatment in the private sector.

The case for public plan.

Similarly, innovations in coordinating care for elders with chronic illness in private plans have provided a useful foundation for care-coordination demonstrations in the public Medicare plan."'

Single-payer systems insure individuals, but don't restrict doctors A universal health care system does not mean that the private market should be abolished.

This will attract consumers who require either more personal service, those who know or want a personal doctor, and those who want better quality of care than the public system provides."

Universal health care would lower rewards so reduce quality of physicians With fewer financial incentives, fewer individuals would decide to become physicians in the first place.

Insurers/conservatives oppose public insurance because it works Robert Reich.

These are the people that need health care the most, and the insurance industry has a direct interest in making it difficult or more expensive for them to obtain health insurance.'

Universal health care will allow doctors to concentrate on patients In private and managed health care networks, doctors typically have to check with insurance companies before they perform a service.

Universal health care decreases the likelihood of health related problems.

The markets are better at providing quality; same with health care.

Government-mandated procedures would reduce doctor flexibility/quality "Should the Government Provide Free Universal Health Care for All Americans?"

Balanced Politics.org - "Government-mandated procedures will likely reduce doctor flexibility and lead to poor patient care.

The results of robust private competition to provide the Medicare drug benefit underscore this.

As most people know, most doctor's visits end with "take this and call me if it doesn't get better" which should hardly be seen as "preventative" of anything.'

Free universal health care motivates people to seek preventive care Preventing illnesses before they arise is a very important strategy in public health.

Universal health care encourages people to seek preventive treatments because it is free.

Government has a cost incentive to invest in preventive care Paul Krugman, Robin Wells.

Private health care societies are known for having better innovation and higher investment in equipment and high-end treatments.

These treatments can be a part of prevention or early treatment, and can have better results than what exists in universal health care systems. '

But, what is likely to make the most money is often at odds with public and patient interests. '

Universal health care, therefore, could be expected to see fewer innovations and medical advancements.  '

Competition in private insurance can be improved without public plan.

This can and should be done, but it is unnecessary to inject into the equation a public insurer.'

What government pays for becomes the reasonable standard of care, a standard that can be debated democratically at appropriations time for the health care budget rather than haggled for erratically in the courts."'

Government may set one standard of health care, but it may be inferior.

Without an alternative, the monopolistic system becomes an "uncontested standard" that may be inferior."'

Public health care is good; it just receives more scrutiny/criticism Public health care systems receive more scrutiny by the public because they are publicly accountable.

For example, governments, such as Canada, have outlawed medical care if the service is paid for by private individual funds.'

Universal health care lowers long-term health costs Universal health care systems better encourage patients to seek preventive care.

Private healthcare providers are more expensive than public providers They take more money for overhead as well as profit than a public system would.

Cost savings with universal health care will outweigh program costs It is important in this analysis to consider that, even if universal health care were to cost more now, that these costs could easily be outweighed by long-term cost-savings.

Yet, if we presume that health care is a right, then such added costs are insignificant; they must be born to secure the right of universal health care.'

The 'public option,' if it materializes, will be just that xd1 an option Americans can choose.

Public insurance would destroy private insurance industry Karl Rove.

Universal health care can't be reversed even if costs explode Universal health care, like any government benefit, is eventually going to be interpreted as a "right" by the public, making it politically impossible to curtail the program when it becomes too costly. '

Therefore, in countries where the population is aging, it may be important to avoid a universal health care program."

The pitfalls of the public option.

June 27, 2009: "Which raises the question: Would the existence of a dominant government provider of health insurance be good or bad?

It is no wonder that the American Medical Association opposes the public option."'

Creating a new administrative framework and patient database would be a massive under-taking.'

Single-payer health care allows bargaining for lower drug prices "Single-Payer FAQ".

Single-payer systems create new job opportunities Many of those working in the private insurance industry can get new jobs in the new public health care industry. '

The Case Against: The public plan will unfairly crowd out private coverage.

Health insurance strains on businesses damage global competitiveness '

No universal health care causes "job lock" "The Case for Universal Health Care".

For example, many individuals opt to stay with their job instead of starting their own business because they are unsure of whether they can get health insurance on the individual market, which has higher premiums and often denies people with pre-existing conditions."'

Balanced Politics.org - "A long, painful transition will have to take place involving lost insurance industry jobs, business closures, and new patient record creation.

A universal health plan means the entire health insurance industry would be unnecessary.

A number of hospital record clerks that dealt with insurance would also be out of work.

Universal health care risks monopsony: Universal health care systems, in an effort to control costs by gaining or enforcing monopsony power, sometimes outlaw medical care paid for by private, individual funds.'

Universal health care internationally is better than US system Paul Krugman, Robin Wells.

Since health care premiums continue to grow at several times the rate of inflation, many businesses are simply choosing to not offer a health plan, or if they do, to pass on more of the cost to employees.

However, any costs not covered by insurance must be absorbed by all the rest of us, which means even higher premiums."'

Public insurance meets moral obligation to insure the uninsured Ronald R. Mercer, Bullhead City, Ariz. "America, its uninsured need public option".

Just as Americans donxd5t turn people away from hospital emergency rooms, Americans donxd5t leave people behind when it comes to health care insurance."'

Greater access to health insurance does not improve public health'

Emergency hospital visits of the uninsured is a manageable problem '

[3]'	0	0.24252289533615112
540	Medicare is a failure that should not be expanded into universal care'	1	0.8427060842514038
541	There are many ways to pay for any added costs of universal health care Some proposed means of dealing with these added costs include a cigarette tax and repealing tax cuts for the wealthy.'	0	0.010934011079370975
542	A payroll tax could help fund universal health care '	1	0.9828656315803528
543	Public insurance offers needed alternative to uninsured and struggling.	1	0.9459611773490906
544	Richard Kirsch, National Campaign Manager for Health Care for America Now!	1	0.9803053140640259
545	Three Reasons for the Choice of a Public Health Insurance Plan".

But the millions of Americans who are tired of increasing costs and decreasing benefits should have the chance to opt into a program that will offer affordable, quality care, says Health Care for America Now's Richard Kirsch."'

A cigarette tax is a socially responsible way to pay for health care'

This is a highly disruptive act that would involve massive job loss.

Universal health care makes a centralized national database possible "Should the Government Provide Free Universal Health Care for All Americans?".

Balanced Politics.org - "We can develop a centralized national database which makes diagnosis and treatment easier for doctors.

Government-control of databases better protect privacy than companies.

The alternative to a government-controlled health care database is only a privately owned health care databases.

With these choices in mind, it is better that health care information be held by the government than by less-regulated companies.

Health care databases threaten to violate the privacy of patients.'

Laura K. Altom, BS, MSIII and Larry R. Churchill, PhD, Ann Geddes Stahlman Professor of Medical Ethics Laura K. Altom, Vanderbilt School of Medicine, Nashville, Tennessee.

and Justine McCabe, Ph.D. "The Case For Single Payer, Universal Health Care For The United States".

Public insurance protects uninsured from economic calamity.

2009 Statement by the American Nurses Association: "A public health insurance plan would expand choices and help protect against potential economic calamity for individuals or families who are not satisfied with their current health coverage, have difficulty paying for their health care, or cannot find affordable coverage.

Obamacare to Come: Seven Bad Ideas for Health Care Reform'

The flawed premise behind "universal health care" is regarding health care as a "right".

Health care is a need, but not a "right", and that's a critical difference.

This is why "universal health care" is such a grossly immoral policy, and should be opposed as such.'

Under this reasoning, a person who comes into the ER is violating a Dr's rights because they owe them a care of duty at this point.

How about this...If you don't want to help people who need medical care, then don't become a doctor.

I want Universal healthcare, but I think it needs to be private.'

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

Public option weakens private insurers, forcing many out of their plans "The End of Private Health Insurance".

But even if a public option available to all takes the highly improbable step of paying at some midpoint between private and Medicare rates, nearly 68 million people will still be crowded out of private insurance."'

I think we'd get a lot more bang for our buck if we simply treated people before they end up in the emergency room.Regarding rights, why wouldn't your analogy also apply to public education?

Let Darwin be Darwin and soon we'll only have the lower middle class to worry about.

The Case Against: The public plan will unfairly crowd out private coverage.

In the end, therefore, a public plan may leave more people without insurance, employer-provided or otherwise.

Call is socialised medicine if you will, but the universal health schemes of Canada, Great Britain and Australia cost less and the people in these countries have a higher average life expectancy than the USA.

Of course people's lifestyles and the crime rates have an effect on longevity, but I'm amazed that anyone could even suggest that Americans have worse health outcomes because of genetics.

Life span and birth rates are just statistical gimmicks that are influenced by too many factors to be useful in this context.Universal health care does not mean the poorest and sickest will get medical treatment, at best it means that if they manage find a doctor and survive while waiting then someone else will pay for it....

Unless, they are fat, old, smoke, or are part of some other segment that is considered expendable to the government's balance sheets.

Of course people's lifestyles and the crime rates have an effect on longevity, but I'm amazed that anyone could even suggest that Americans have worse health outcomes because of genetics.

Call is socialised medicine if you will, but the universal health schemes of Canada, Great Britain and Australia cost less.... Think maybe if a nation has a lower population then they will naturally be inclined to spend less on healthcare overall?

It is fallacious to assume that a universal health care system must be more expensive than the present arrangements in the USA.

GDP is a GROSS measurement, and as seen in the above article Canadian systems SPEND less than US systems yet this doesn't even prevent them from COSTING less.	0	1.3387318176683038E-4
903	Please see above.

If USA needs change, it is for free market heathcare...eliminate the government interfere we already have and we'll see change for the better.   "

Put some facts before us, please.'

Public insurance bureaucracies are better than private ones Paul Waldman.

Do you really doubt that medical care is NOT superior in the US than in other countries?

As for what governments do well, or at least less badly, that would depend on your point of view.

Our post offices used to be part of a great bureaucracy; now the local post office appears to be run as franchised businesses.

As for a moral obligation - we have already, as a society, decided it is best for eeryone if we pay for every child's education.

Here kid, learn some math, but good luck taking care of that asthma problem you have.

If you make it to 18, we might have some jobs for you, thanks to your high school diploma.Cuba has better infant and maternal mortality rates than us, for Pete's sake.

There are some facts about those infant mortality statistics that perhaps you should consider...namely, the criteria used to compile them.

Whatxd5s interesting here is that you would actually use the example of public education to justify socialized medicine.

If you don't like the fact that a particular company hires people you donxd5t approve of (moving jobs across seas), you are free to protest by refusing to buy their products.

If you donxd5t like a company's "benefit" policy, then again, you are free to move on.

You hand over your money to a central planning bureaucracy, and in return you give up the right to make your own health care decisions. '

Is the Public Plan Option a Necessary Part of Health Reform?

Insurers should not be trusted with sole control of health insurance Jacob Hacker.

The case for public plan.

The Institute for America's Future: "As health policy expert Jeanne Lambrew puts the point, the question is not why nonelderly Americans without secure workplace coverage should have the same choice that seniors do: enrolling in a public or private plan.

If private insurers can better meet our goals for the health system, why object to a level competition with public plans?'"'

To believe in my plan you should first watch the documentary SICKO by Roger Moore.

Greed is the main motivator for both actions so do not listen to the lies see the movie and listen to the real people that have nothing to gain by lying about the system.

So if you take the wrong legal drug you can go to the doctor and get help not thrown in jail to be raped and have you future life destroyed by our greedy out of control so called leader house/senate.

So, provide healthcare for all get them well and get rid of welfare to help balance the cost of healthcare. '

I would prefer to avoid the moral debate, and view this question more pragmatically.We have much data on the value of primary care.

So I would like to see universal health coverage for true primary care, as I believe that investing upstream would decrease costs downstream.We already have de facto hospitalization, so we obviously should encourage formal coverage for hospitalization.How can we afford such a plan?

Such a plan will only work if the patient has appropriate responsibility for health care costs.

It then becomes in their best interest to "take care of you" and they begin to say, you must take a 10 minute break every two hours, and you must arm stretches, or rest your eyes from looking at your computer monitor, or whatever it may be.

And even now, it is more expensive to get health insurance for people who smoke, or who are overweight, then people who don't or aren't.My point being...What happens when the government takes over healthcare.

For example look at the wonderful job they do with FEMA.

Personaly I think we would be better off if we presure the Health Insurance Campanies e.g.

They would go out of business and then we're all screwed.The solution is to reduce the regulations already on insurance companies as well as encourage true competition for   health   coverage.

If you have more money you can get better insurance so someone that earns alot of money should be able to pay for better heatlh care then some bum off the streets.'

Should you have to earn being cared for when you randomly develop   cancer  ?No Should you have to earn being able to take your children to the doctor?NoYou can compare healthcare to a police force.

If a police officer is near you while you are being attacked, he will obviously intervene because it is his duty.

If your body is slowly being attacked by cancer (an attacker), the doctor (officer) does not need to intervene if you don't have insurance.So if you agree with the above statement, you would also agree that you should have to pay insurance for police, and if you didn't have insurance, the police wouldn't have to help you if you were being attacked.The Universal Declaration of Human Rights, issued by the UN, states that healthcare is a basic human RIGHT.

I suppose I disagree "with one of the most basic declarations of human rights."

Perhaps the US will copy California....As for your comments comparing the   police   with   health   coverage, there is a difference between protection from others and protection from death by natural causes.

Public insurance offers a valuable check on private insurance Jacob Hacker.

The case for public plan.

The Institute for America's Future: "Public plan choice creates an institutional xd2check and balance,xd3 encouraging private plans to uphold high standards of quality, affordability, and access."'

In your paychecks, your parking/speeding tickets, and for some services performed by the police you do pay them directly. '

Look to examples in other countries, read your history books.

Catastrophic care and access to care are certainly issues that should be discussed and acted upon, but not at the cost of the covered.

Many lessons learned can be obtained if we take a deeper look at the   evolution   of the NHS in the UK.

Will require new Government protocols, regulation and mandates set up by bureaucrats, lacking medical credentials?

Will harm Health Care supporting & contributing industries?

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

And for those who have a hard time getting insurance into taking better care of themselves with regular checkups.

If our primary business competitors (excepting China) have   health   coverage for all, why don't we?

More qualified   healthcare   workers will be selected to provide the services and it will cut down on paperwork, that justify the expenses to insurance companies.

People would be more likely to see a doctor for preventive care than seeing a doctor later with serious   health   problems, which are the most expensive.

Government can save more   money   by paying healthcare provider that encourage wellness and preventive care, than paying them for diagnostic test and procedures that are useless, painful and expensive.

Small businesses can survive for they do not need to pay expensive medical insurance, & can hire more people, more income   taxes  , more buyer of goods, thus, envigorating the economy'

However, the rest of your argument I believe is false.UHC would not benefit the majority of people.

I am a little confused with your point on the single buyer and competition.

If you are referring to insurance companies as the sellers than you may not understand the UHC bill.

Why will more qualified healthcare workers be selected?

The more qualified people will want to get paid what they're worth.I would hope that people would be more likely to see a doctor for preventative care but I do not believe this will happen.

It won't matter if they skip an appointment, they're covered if something bad happens.

Increasing competition between insurance companies will force them to reduce spending and maximize customer base.

AKA capitalism benefits the majority of people (and that's the best we can hope for)."

Public insurance is public-private hybrid, not socialized medicine Jacob S. Hacker, Ph.D. "The case for public plan choice in national health reform".

With UHC, the businesses out of pocket expenses and payroll costs would go down, making them more productive and remain competitive in global business.Why we will have more qualified   healthcare   providers?

Below are some of the highlights of the BILL xd4xd4Americaxd5s Affordable Health Choices Act of 2009xd5xd5 which is self explanatory.

Under the QAPI program, the Secretary shall establish standards relating to such facilities and provide technical assistance to such facilities on the development of best practices in order to meet such standards with quality assessment and assurance activities conducted under clause RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE INDEPENDENT MONITORAn independent monitor (1) conduct periodic reviews and prepare root- cause quality and deficiency analyses if facilities are in compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (2) undertake sustained oversight of the facilities to involve the owners of the chain and the principal business owners in facilitating compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (3) analyze the management structure, distribution of expenditures, and nurse staffing levels of facilities in relation to resident census, staff turnover rates, and tenure.

Therefore, I will try to make my point another way.UHC will be funded by   taxes  .Taxes are paid by everyone (unequally, the rich paying a higher percentage).Everyone will not be using the same amount of   health care  .Therefore, some people will be paying more than their share and some will be paying less.This is unequal and unfair and WRONG.Also, health care should not be free for anyone ever.

The US can no longer afford to sacrifice a major portion of its citizenry to inadequate, substandard access to health care.Providing universal access to health care in America would be a major step in improving and removing the disparities of both health and health care currently reflected in our health care system.

Both politically and fiscally, a national   health insurance   could not only improve medical care for the poor but also for the majority of insured Americans.

A recent study evaluating the California Health Service Plan (CHSP) has shown that a single government payer linked to public authority and accountability can effectively finance health care and significantly save on health care spending, while improving the health of the population This will make health care  affordable, cheaper and provide access for all."

As I explicitly pointed out earlier, money is a symbol.

(the stage following capitalism in the transition of a society to communism, characterized by the imperfect implementation of collectivist principles - dictionary.com)'

I go in with any problem, and I can get in to see a doctor within an hour.

Unfortunately, all of that great   technology   doesn't do us much good if it can only be used by ten people a year.

I don't have a link for this, but if you doubt me please go to an ER and ask for a colonoscopy or a mammogram.The American Cancer Society found that (and this is sort of a duh thing)   cancer   kills more often if you don't have adequate health insurance.

http://select.nytimes.com/2007/05/21/opinion/21kristof.html?scp=5&sq=kristof  +infant+mortality+rate&st=nyt18,000 Americans die every year because of a lack of   health   coverage.

Whatever gives us the best health care to everyone for our buck, that's our choice.A single-payer system is what almost all of the rest of the industrialized world has.

I'll explain this concept below, because I think there might be confusion about it.What single payer means is, you pick your doctor.

http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/21/opinion/21sun1.html?ref=todayspaper  So what's being talked about right now isn't that as much as it is a heavily regulated new system of private insurance companies.

This would enable them to charge lower premiums.

Morris:xca And what's going to happen is the same thing that goes on in Canada.xca Because of the long wait for colonoscopies, the incidence of colon   cancer   in Canada is 25 percent higher than in the US.And because the two top drugs we use for chemotherapy for advanced stage colon cancer are not available in Canada because of costs, the death rate is 2 % higher.xca 41 percent of Canadians die of colon cancer compared to 32 in the US.O'Reilly:xca That is one of the most compelling things about your book, is that you deliver statistics that say Americans are a lot healthier than Canadians are in the vital disease categoryxd1heart disease, cancer, things like that.xcaMorris:xca Let's quantify it.xca 6 percent lower death rate from heart disease and a 16 percent lower death rate from cancer in the US.xca And Canada has more poor people.	0	9.736777865327895E-4
1483	There are two possibilities here.

But in our judgment, if that many Americans were to decide that such a plan is a better deal for them and their families, that would be a good thing.

Will individuals get to choose to pay or not to pay?Everyone keeps saying it's like medicare but I hate the concept of medicare...'

US has existing examples of public insurance, public-private hybrids.Tom Daschle.

There are public-private hybrids as well, like state employee health plans where the government assumes the risk and insurance companies are responsible for the management.

I think there are some small ways to fix all of these problems without going to UHC.

look at it this way, alot of people are dying because they cant afford medical insurance or that they have another helth issue going on.

And my senior elderly mom could afford her   diabetes   and   cancer   medicine without beeing stuck in a giant donut hole of greed.

Efforts to create a public-private insurance hybrid are in good faith.

It is true that there are many advocates of a pure single-payer system, but there are just as many advocates of a hybrid system.

Why do you believe a company out to make a buck is more likely to take better care of you than the government?

For sure we should have Universal Healthcare the insurance companies can be in the car, house and life insurance business but not in the   health care   business.

Universal healthcare really means universal enslavement, everybody is forced to provide for the needs of everyone else.

And because its immoral it is impractical, as any attempt at socialized medicine around the globe has shown.

There will be waiting lines, there will be rationing, there will be monumental incompetence and arrogant bureaucracy.

You're absolutely correct.

;)I do not say that I exist on my own, or that society is evil, those are your words, nor do I claim that I don't benefit from cooperating with others in society, so all your sarcasm against those positions is misdirected.

That's why people selfishly flee Cuba and come to the United States.

Under socialism there are no individuals, only meaningless cogs whose obligation is to serve the collective as prescribed by the omnipotent state.  "

or the banks!

So you also hold the view that the most powerful weapon corrupt corporations have is government regulation, bailouts, etc.	0	0.0017723797354847193
1755	At least we can agree on something.	0	2.889197494369E-4
1756	Christ on a stick, government was SOLD a very long time ago.

Boy, where to start with that one....  http://willtoexist.com/universal-health-care_1202  /'	1	0.6577747464179993
1791	Morality ends where a gun begins"- Ayn RandOn what basis does one call government-run "universal health care" "the moral thing to do"?It is only the morality of altruism...the creed that holds individual human sacrifice for a "higher" purpose as the standard of the good...that can sanction any proposal to force others to act against his own will, judgement, and self-interest.

But altruism is really an anti-morality, which offers a person no moral guidance on how to achieve the values required for his survival and happiness, but rather simply declares that he is moral only to the extent that he gives up his values for the sake of others...any others.That is why altruism is always the justification for all forms of tyranny, including government-imposed "universal health care", which is merely a health care dictatorship in disguise.

Tyrants, "social justice" totalitarians, humanitarians with a "good cause" in one hand and the lever of a guillotine in the other, and all manner of politically-connected do-gooders have been riding the altruistic gravy train long enough.

That banner belongs only to people who renounce the initiation of physical force, and turn instead to respecting and protecting individual rights...everyone's rights equally and at all times.And that means, in the field of medicine, pursuing the moral goal of phasing out the current crumbling government-hampered system, and establishing a completely free market.Now that would be the moral thing to do.'

There must be balances to this.

The denial of these rights by the people who control them have led to revolution after revolution... some violent and some more of an   evolution   than a revolution.

Looking out for your neighbor means that he will look out for you... and if he doesn't, the guy on the other side will.

Provided you're not a complete douche (which is the point of why it's not altruism to look out for your neighbor, but is actually done in self-interest).

Those rights are possessed equally, at all times, by all people, under all circumstances, protected equally by government; they can be forfeited only by violating the same rights of another.

Modern collectivism merely replaces a supernatural God as that power with some group called the "proletariat", "society", "the masses", the "master race", etc., to which the individual is subordinate, and which leads logically to totalitarianism.

You know exactly what I meant...  but kudos again for being an ass about it.

You also know I'm correct... but to do so would be to acknowledge to you small mind that perhaps the system we've been operating under doesn't work so hot.

Therefore, since you obviously lean toward socialism in your opinions, the fact that you say you love capitalism is completely hypocritical.

this is absolutely not true.

Yes, this is because they have more money, but don't you want your employer to have more money than you so they can afford to pay you?

The right to life means nobody else can   murder   you.

Each individual can choose their own path to pursue happiness because nobody's path is the same.

we can't have both?

this is absolutely not true.

If you're going to sit there and say that you think a child does not deserve   health care   because his parents work at Burger King and Walmart, you are disgustingly wrong.

But you gladly give your money up for roads you do not travel on,   water   you do not drink, garbage that isn't yours, libraries you will never enter, etcetera etcetera etcetera.

You gladly pay for the health care of   senators   that don't give a crap about you, and millions of other federal employees that don't do a damn thing for you.

You apparently have no problems unless it involves the words "health care".

That you work harder to buy more stuff?

Does it make you better to have it?

We are not   animals   because we can take care of ourselves (I can anyway).

They cannot be treated the same because society benefits more from the doctor's life than the murderer's.Free market economy is fair and just.

If a person chooses to contribute to society, they receive money in return.

June 11, 2009: "the public option puts government firmly in the middle of the relationship between patients and their doctors.

I want to earn enough to take time off work to teach them morals and educate them on how to be a better person to themselves and to others.

I want to earn enough money that I don't have to keep struggling to find a better job...

If that doesn't pay enough, I will strive to be a research director for a biomedical   technology   company to design and test biomedical devices to increase the quality of life for many people.

I don't compare people to other people, I compare them to what they could be.

Sure as hell better than Marx.	0	3.7062811770738335E-6
2137	At least her ideas didn't result in the deaths of over 100 million people.	1	0.9988094568252563
2138	http://www.monstersandcritics.com/news/usa/news/article_1316649.php  /BACKGROUND_100_million_deaths_under_communismI would highly recommend The Black book of Communism."

moisturize.... but with olive   oil   not with handcreme.i don't.

not really, because all those people are under the thumb of those who make OTHERS work harder while they receive more compensation.

nothing is ever just one system and one system alone.	0	0.01178643200546503
2208	none of them work separately.	0	0.01564621925354004
2209	nothing may ever work except more than temporarily, for that matter.	0	0.004977145232260227
2210	I can agree with that more than anything, especially after reading "I, Pencil" several dozen times, then began to loathe central planning even more.

- And the Dr. must write off the balance of $12, the patient is billed $.602>Office visit $100, physical therapy $50 - Total billed $150Medicare allowed $24 @ 80% $19.20 on the office visit, $0 on the physical therapy- deemed not medically neccessary.

If you have never dealt with these issues, you simply can't imagine how bad it is, I'm not exagerating, ask around.

If it is all Universal Healthcare paid by the Government, you will see a flood of   doctors   stop practicing, it will no longer be profitable and full of regulations.

Public option is really about making way for a single-payer system Gregory Mankiw.

[...] President Obama might not be disappointed if that turned out to be the case.

During the presidential campaign, he said, 'If I were designing a system from scratch, I would probably go ahead with a single-payer system.'"'

The problem is affordability.

Will expensive bureaucratic government employees be more efficient than less expensive private insurance employees?

Will universal health care be run like the US Postal Service, AMTRAK or our public school system?

When a hospital writes off a bill who pays?

the question isn't do we need   health   reform.	0	0.004039652179926634
2277	But how do we fix the problems?	0	0.024126417934894562
2278	That is reform.'

(This is exactly what's happened in education, people are fleeing public schools to private schools and home schools, and teachers unions have opposed those options too).

I also think we should be entitled to the same things as were our founding fathers.This country was founded on the principles that stated "You have the right to work hard, and you are entitled to exactly those things which you earn.

there was never a questino regarding abortion or welfare or 'universal healthcare'i just would remind all Americans that " He who can regulate a thing, controls that thing".

Maybe I should.	1	0.979808509349823
2372	I could be DEAD wrong on this issue, I would like to know more about the plan you're elaborating on. '	1	0.9066171050071716
2373	If you're going to insult someone, at least take it upon yourself to spell the insult correctly:   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carnac_the_Magnificent  

Public option forces taxpayers to pay for other people's insurance.

Such breaches of the individual liberties of taxpayers are unjust."

You might look at the 22 to 35 percent of the cut the insurance companies take out of the costs.Medicare runs only a 4 to 6 percent overhead.My parents on Medicare, get better care than I do and I spend over 16,00 dollars per year on insurance.I favor nationalized health care.... or at least a single payer system.

Private companies reduce their risk by disqualifying people that exhibit risk.

The insurance companies have already usurped the doctors by mandating treatments, while leaving the docs liable for the legal ramifications of their practice.

In fact it is a barrier for many to get the care they may need.As usual the proponents for the status quo neglect talking about the amount of savings to the public if insurance companies were no longer doling out the health care in the most minimal way possible.One has to look at what goes to the actual functions involved in care for individuals.

Too bad you have to wait for the particular ambulance to be available while you have your heart attack.

That means we already spend more per person than France, Canada or the UK does... in fact, only Germany and Iceland spend more per person than the United States when it comes to public funding.

This affects both private and public healthcare.

I certainly wouldn't say that "more government funding will fix the problem."

Their governments have simply made an arbitrary decision to spend less, but they will also get less."

The tax code ties people's health insurance to their job by not providing the same tax benefits if you buy insurance on your own and also by forcing your employer to pay a large sum of it.

I may not be thrilled with the expense of my current PPO plan, but it's a MILLION times better than what I experienced in the military system. "

I don't think military structured health care is an equitable comparison.

Let's be creative and allow privatization, but not to the point that we have become, so that health care is exclusively for the wealthy.

A system that leaves people on the street rather than meeting their basic human needs is tragic and should be condemned for such treatment.

(Since it's impossible to know what article you're referring to, there is no way to check the data the reporters used to make sure they're making the right comparisons and drawing the correct inferences; it's not even possible to verify that the WSJ article actually backs your position.

Have you been given control of the lives of your local police officers?Along the same lines, are you "enslaving" the military, who provides your national defense?

The right to not be murdered requires policemen, police stations, and taxes to pay for them.

How is health care any different?All rights are based on needs.

Fortunately for me, I was born into a society that was founded on individual rights populated by many who are not willing to live under any other system so they chose to defend their rights, physically if necessary.

I suggest you review the fundamental right to life, and the derivative rights liberty, property and the pursuit of happiness.

Your right to life imposes nothing on your would-be murderer, but it imposes something on a third party: the taxpayer, who must fund the police that will arrest your would-be murderer and thus protect your right to life.Likewise, if you don't want a crook to steal your property, you must either (a) defend your property by yourself, using your own money and abilities, or (b) force taxpayers to give money to support a police force and court system that will defend your property.If (b), then your rights place a positive obligation on other people.

Police officers are a requirement, Ambulance drivers are a necessity, Fire Departments are an essential service all funded by public money.

I'm a Viet Nam vet currently on my wife's insurance, so I'm happy with the system as long as my wife keeps her job.

What brought that about?

Why can't we buy health insurance from another state if it is cheaper?Here is a great article that I suggest should everyone read.

The potential growth in the GDP could absorb the absurd debt we are forced into.As for the draft.

Members of a civilized   society   recognize that all humans are vulnerable to diseasexd1this is something we have in commonxd1and so we willingly pooling our resources to protect each of us against the hazards of fate.'

32 days later... somehow I think we probably would have gotten rescheduled sooner in Canada.'

It is equally absurd to believe that all 50 million of these people living in the United States can be helped by "charity work."

Millions more impoverished americans who have insurance but can barely afford it are also harmed by the current health care plan.

Private insurance puts profit first; public insurance puts health first Richard Kirsch, National Campaign Manager for Health Care for America Now!

[...] The mission of health insurance companies is a healthy bottom line, not your health.

Thatxd5s why health insurers deny care to people with pre-existing conditions, charge more if you have any history of even minor health problems and deny and delay approving care.

[...] The mission of a public health insurance company will be your health, not the financial health of stockholders.

And a public insurance plan will invest in health care in our communities."'

Jesus Christ, you guys are like a broken record.

will u tell me the difference between socialism and capitalism?'

It's a lie aimed at a specific group of people to get them riled against the bill.3.

They are going to take money away from Medicare:Ignoring that Medicare is a government program and the naysayers should be all for taking money away from medicare - if they were basing their arguements on principle at least - this is not true either.

medical decisions are made by health professionals (doctors, nurses, chiropractors, etc) and the individual, and insurance companies no longer have any say in the care of a patient7.

It maintains the good properties of capitalism as there would still be the exact same incentives to come up with new cures and the free market is still free to compete.

I've always been in favor of some type of Socialized medicine in the country but I think with all the fighting going on at town halls and such it's hard to know what the bill's attributes are at this point.

Of course, equally important is that we start living healthier lifestyles, but, one thing at a time, I guess?'

Obama could not explain it.

I'd say Canada's healthcare is the envy of the world because you can have it for free or a cheap on from another country and stuff.

Public plan counters insurance company efforts to deny claims Ezra Klein.

Health Care Reform for Beginners: The Many Flavors of the Public Plan Washington Post.

It never said in the Constitution that blacks must remain slaves.

Move to Cuba haaaaa....How about this, If America is the greatest country they should have the best Health care.

The people who don't want it are the Republicans who think the Gov't is only good for: War, being a thing that is unwanted and over all useless.

Also Republicans are backed by these giant health care companies that give them and people they like better service and money for lobbying for them.

I would a whole lot rather my hard earned money go towards paying the health bills of smokers and fatties than illegal aliens that don't pay one red cent, for any dime they make, towards taxes.

But, altogether, it is not my responsibility to "make up" for anyone elses well being.

Illegal immigrants wound not get the health care because you have to show proof you are a US citizen.

Maybe I'm wrong but I had a strange idea once.

224 (p. 118) provides that 18 months after the bill becomes law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services will decide what a "qualified plan" covers and how much you'll be legally required to pay for it.

That's like a banker telling you to sign the loan agreement now, then filling in the interest rate and repayment terms 18 months later.xd3You pay a tax to support a service.

59b (pp.

Individuals and families earning less than these amounts will be eligible for subsidies paid directly to their insurer.xd3This is absolute crap.

I don't have to actually read the primary sources myself because the fact is that I don't want to be tax at a higher rate, period.Here's how it should work.

[6]'	0	0.008763959631323814
2868	You just proved my point.	0	3.553411806933582E-5
2869	I am NOT enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes luxury of a highway because it is more of a parkway during rush hour traffic ;)Nor am I enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes police that take more than an hour to respond to anything.If it's socialised and paid-through-taxes it is more than likely sh*t.Have a nice day ;)

I am NOT enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes luxury of a highway because it is more of a parkway during rush hour traffic.	0	0.0026955173816531897
2871	Then stay at home and don't use it.

One of the interesting things that popped out to me was the projected deficit increase in billions.

It a pretty heavy website.

The case for public plan.

The Institute for America's Future: "over the last generation, public insurance has pioneered new payment and quality-improvement methods that have frequently set the standard for private plans.

This is, unfortunately, one of the downfalls of trying to debate US politics when not actually American.

Could you provide a link to the correct bill for me please?'

Yeah, maybe.

Since I am a veteran, I have access to the VA, where I still receive government run health care, which is a benefit to me because it saves me a lot of money.

It shouldn't just be handed to them.'

So what if she has to take some out due to an uncontrollable circumstance?'

A government is not truly doing its job if it is not taking care of its people."

Nearly 100 providers deliver the drug benefit, competing on better benefits, more choices, and lower prices.

You make everything sound so black and white, news flash......its not!!'

But if what they say about it is wrong then we will go deeper into debt and a bigger recession.

The public plan would be subject to all sorts of political interventions and would be required to delay making changes in health plans until it had solicited extensive public comments.

It annoys me that what is considered the most powerful and free country in the world still does things that defy belief.

I don't want to live under your ideal of freedom and liberty to all (if you can afford it).

It annoys me that what is considered the most powerful and free country in the world..And yes, it annoys me that citizens of a country that continually talks about freedom and liberty can't be bothered to give a few dollars out of their pay packet (though, they would be paying less, but we'll ignore that for now and assume that it would cost you a bit extra) to ensure that everyone, rich or poor, can get healthcare treatment when they need it.Healthcare reform that seeks to trample upon both liberty and freedom is the antithesis of the inalienable rights of Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness.

Or stated another way, no man has the liberty and freedom to trample another manxd5s liberty, freedom, and pursuit of happiness.

Ergo, that is why the proposed legislation of Healthcare reform is so hotly debated in the US.

Healthcare reform that seeks to trample upon both liberty and freedom is the antithesis of the inalienable rights of Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness.HR 3962http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/F?c111:1:./temp/~c11192ilau:e365529: Subpart A--Individual ResponsibilitySEC.

(a) In General- Subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part:`PART VIII--HEALTH CARE RELATED TAXES`subpart a. tax on individuals without acceptable health care coverage.`Subpart A--Tax on Individuals Without Acceptable Health Care Coverage`Sec.

Tax on individuals without acceptable health care coverage.`SEC.

I have repeatedly stated that I am for gay marriage but that I did not believe that the current approach the gay community was taking was going to succeed.

I just got that of the Rasmussen which is considered by most the most accurate.

And your argument about the working class makes no sense at all.

Public health insurance creates two-tiers of quality.

I agree, but I'm also wondering what people think needs to improve?

If you oppose Universal Healthcare, what about the current system do you think works well?

Since I have 4 wisdom teeth, it will cost me about 1500 bucks in total.

I have 2 jobs, but I don't even get more than $1000 every month.

Sweden has a reasonably manageable population of around nine million.

The country would either take more and more of its citizen's money, or become trillions and trillions more dollars in debt."

(All the following data comes from The World Health Report 2000)Country | % of World | US/% of World------------------------------------------------- United States 4.52 1Japan 1.90 2.4Germany 1.22 3.7France 0.97 4.7United Kingdom 0.92 4.9Now let's sort by overall healthcare performanceCountry | Performance | Cost Per Capita----------------------------------------------- France 1 4Japan 10 13United Kingdom 18 26Germany 25 3United States 37 1Since you were interested in cost let's sort by Performance / Cost Per Capita.

(She's still in great health, by the way.)

In other words, for every year that life expectancy has increased, five months can be attributed to the availability of new medicines.

Similar efforts around the world have led to rationing of health care and created hurdles between patients and the most advanced treatments.

Man, it's the government's job to protect the people.

Screwed completely.The government isn't going to go door to door and jack people's money, they're going to use taxes to pay for universal health care, if that's a problem then we might as well forget taxes completely so you can look at privately funded toll-roads absolutely everywhere(They already exist, but in small numbers), schools with little to no funding, and a fee for absolutely everything.I guess universal school care is also stealing money from one person and giving it to another, but nobody seems to care about that right?

Sorry boss, I couldn't find anything our government does well.

But we're not the worst.As for Katrina, I personally blame Bush for appointing that weirdo as the head of FEMA who probably didn't have any experience in that field at all.

Every other industrialized nation has it, which puts our business at a disadvantage.4.

We just have to get away from this mentality that someone else should pay our bills.4.

If you think that is socialism, than you are either being very disingenuous or you are incredibly ignorant.

It can't be done right.

Public insurance option is less costly than private insurance "Why The Public Health Insurance Option Is Worth Fighting For".

We know that premiums in the public option would be about 10 percent lower and that a real robust plan that piggy backs off of Medicarexd5s infrastructure could save us somewhere between $75 billion and $150 billion over 10 years."'

They prioritize profits, denying payment for care whenever possible.

Do you really want tomorrow's limitation...bureaucracy?

America has more malpractice suits than any other country, which means that our doctors need to be heavily insured.

The middle class will bear more weight (and taxation) upon their shoulders.

I think to solve the problem with growing medical fees in this nation, a change from private to universal healthcare will not promote economic security (in fact, health insurance companies are pretty big companies employing thousands of people across the country--would switching to universal healthcare put them out of jobs?).

Universal healthcare is not a band-aid, so why should it be treated as such?

The case for public plan.

Yet a range of studies demonstrate that public insurance is able to provide a given level of benefits for less than they would cost through private insurance.

Combined, this needless administration consumes one-third (31 percent) of Americansxd5 health dollars.

Modest new taxes would replace premiums and out-of-pocket payments currently paid by individuals and business.

I think we need to focus on the actual issue, which is health care in this country and not wander off in the direction of education, which while it is an issue that desperately needs to be addressed and has lasting effects perhaps even in regards to our health care system it doesn't mean that the system itself shouldn't be changed.'	0	0.0037833366077393293
3533	Although I do agree the Cost of the system and wages for the average citizen are the problems, I have to disagree with how to fix them.With many of the problems of our time, they come from either extremely lax regulation or no regulation at all.	0	0.014406290836632252
3534	This is an extremely sad statement on human nature.The another (unmentioned) part of Socialism is that society helps you when your in need.	1	0.9820653796195984
3535	Sure the Baby Boomers are going to be literally siphoning money out of the US tax payer, I know they are in Canada.	0	0.008654354140162468
3536	But what happens when you reach that age?	0	0.0028836436104029417
3537	Are you going to be able to pay medical costs?	1	0.8996909856796265
3538	Are you going to enjoy paying medical costs?It's a tit-for-tat situation.	1	0.9514070153236389
3539	Sure your covering the costs of others now, but someday others may be covering your costs.	1	0.9899452328681946
3540	And I'm pretty sure, unless your secretly Bill Gates, you, nor your family, have an infinite money source.

Do you want to be FORCED to get something done just cause the government papers says you should.

Deal with it.Not only will it be ineffective, it'll be taking away our rights as a whole.

An average nursing assignment is determined by most facilities to be at 4-5 to ensure safe care for all patients.

So I used the same model in to model my Health Care Plan around.We recruit kids out of high school, that have good grades and a interest in the medical field, but because of financial reasons cannot afford to go to College.

While this won't rule out malpractice 100% there will always be the doctor who makes a mistake.

Obviously the goal of any Universal Plan is to contain costs and Improve care, if you cannot accomplish that then we shouldn't do it all.I estimate the total cost of my plan to be around $500-600 Billion a year.By paying of the debt, we could pay for a national health care system without raising taxes to do so.

Most people believe that the Constitution does in fact give the government the right to impose social programs.

They derive this belief from two separate, but similar clauses.

The most notable and important difference is to whom the congress can apply these powers.

UHC always becomes expensive, restrictive and lacks innovation.

UHC is as expensive as the government lets it be.

Finally, because the government sets the prices, inventors and manufacturers of medical equipment will just fade away.

Why we donxd5t need itMost people have this idea that if they donxd5t have health insurance that pays for everything that is even remotely health related that they will go bankrupt and die.

Major Medical covers some very basic health issues.

For a typical year, the family of four would probably have six visits to the doctor.

If they are on the Cigna plan, they will pay a $30 deductible per visit plus 20% which comes to $324.

As a patron of our local doc in the box, I can say that the care in these centers is fantastic.

In addition, Ixd5d allow them to put their excess HSA savings in bonds and cds so that they earn a small amount of interest with virtually no chance of loss.

If the average family put $100 a month into savings from the time they are 20 to the time they retire, assuming they donxd5t have more than 2 major medical bills in 40 years, they will have saved close to $1 million (after interest).

--Milton.Dictionary.com defines the term general:1. of or pertaining to all persons or things belonging to a group or category: a general meeting of the employees.

; miscellaneous: the general public; general science.

UHC always becomes expensive, restrictive and lacks innovation."

If my claim is so rash...why didn't you just post one example of the shining ER on the hill?'	0	0.06026844680309296
3715	Public insurance option has lower administrative costs Robert Reich.	0	0.006352463737130165
3716	Why critics of a public option for healthcare are wrong".

June 24, 2009: "[the critics say] the public plan starts off with an unfair advantage because it's likely to have lower administrative costs.

You are putting together wild speculations combined with fantastical day dreams and calling it a guarantee.

Public option cuts obscene profits of insurance establishment Dave Johnson.

June 6, 2009: "The ONLY reason there is consideration of continuing the failed, greedy, destructive corporate insurance system is because the few who get rich off of it are paying off politicians to keep things they way they are.

You'll quickly change your mind when you need to get a procedure done to save your life; which in turn and painfully ironic produces a stress induced aneurysm (the bad kind in which you die) due to being indebted for life."

due to being indebted for life.	0	4.5466789742931724E-4
3765	What do you mean?'

Huge assumption but you can tell by the way people present their cases.

I'm no authority but I've seen enough to say universal is the way this country will go and should go.

Universal health care doesn't have to mean giving up the benefits of capitalism.

[...] Yet the fireworks shows at Citizens Bank Park last Thursday and Friday were brought to the sellout crowds by Independence Blue Cross.

High taxes create less jobs and innovations.

The army of lobbyists includes 350 former government staff members who - before they took the revolving door for a spin - worked for the very same committees that are writing the legislation."'

Using the soviet union isn't the best example, especially when you didn't even note anything on health care policy.

What about all the countries that have universal health care now?

(pardon my french)Not my typical type of proof source but this backs up my side: http://healthcommentary.org/public/item/                                       206699?model=blogsite/HealthCommentary/moderated&style;=blogsite/HealthCommentary/hc God given rights is ridiculously an open topic.

They never said our God given rights as said in this book, etc...

These duplicated costs can be eliminated with a single payer system.3) In countries with universal health care, the government spends less tax money per person on health care than the U.S. For example, in France, the government spends $569 less per person on health care than in the United States.

50 Gs is enough to put middle or lower class person into debt with ease.

And, by ensuring that individuals do not fall ill or victim to being uninsured, a public insurance option will ensure that individuals stay economically productive. '

Health care should be free to all upon entry like the NHSin UK.

People talk about how taxes would be higher well taxes are killing people too so at least if they were somewhere they could not worry about having to deal with one more thing perhaps the US would be a little better.

I say this because the people in the poverty line can not afford health care.

And in turns get more sick because they don't get any help!

The number of uninsured citizens has grown to over 40 million.

/> Health care has become increasingly unaffordable for businesses and individuals.

/> We can eliminate wasteful inefficiencies such as duplicate paper work, claim approval, insurance submission, etc.

/> Free medical services would encourage patients to practice preventive medicine and inquire about problems early when treatment will be light; currently, patients often avoid physicals and other preventive measures because of the costs"

Public insurance protects uninsured from economic calamity.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

If doctor's worked for free eventually there would be no doctors, especially with the drastic inflation.

/>     Free healthcare is the beginning of communism and communism doesn't work.

The costs of doctor's consultation, medical tests, operations, equipments, hospitals, utilities will be in billions of dollars.

Government could go bankrupt.

I personally think that it should be cheap rather than freely available.

Nothing should be free!"

June 11, 2009: "the public option is far too expensive.

Absolutely!

Many of the problems are the result of government intrusion into healthcare.

We are in more and more debt everyday.

It is not my obligation to pay for the healthcare of others.

As a Christian, I am all for charity and think the church needs to step up to that far better than it has done so, but forced payment on my part removes that possibility.

/>   /> On a side note, if we consider medical care a free for all right then shouldn't food and housing also be free for all rights?

It doesn't do you any good to get your broken arm set if you're about to starve or freeze to death."

Certainly, healthcare isn't an equal right if some are paying for themselves and others, and others are contributing nothing.'

/>   /> You have the sniffles...too bad.

And people get served by GOOD doctors, not quacks working for an HMO (which don't exist under universal health care).

You need chemo...you aren't going to be refused.

The doctor gets paid through the ministry of health either directly or via insurance companies (like work benefits).

Public insurance will be used excessively at greater cost.

Again, the worse the actual performance, the better Medicare's administrative costs appear as a percentage of total spending."'

I want to give them shots at being blessed just like me.

This cost-shifting amounts to a forced subsidy.

Privately insured Americans would get higher quality health care, but because the market for medical innovation would be smaller, everybody will get worse care than they would otherwise have received had most health care not been nationalized."'

Public insurance option may force private insurers to increase rates.

April 13, 2009: "As people gravitate to 'free' or heavily subsidized care, the inevitably explosive costs will be covered in part with increased outlays to keep premiums artificially low or even offer extra benefits.

By way of illustration, between 1997 and 2006, health spending per enrollee (for comparable benefits) grew at 4.6 percent a year under Medicare, compared with 7.3 percent a year under private health insurance.

Costs of Medicare/Medicaid show wastefulness of public insurance.

The pitfalls of the public option New York Times.

June 27, 2009: "The largest existing public health programs xd1 Medicare and Medicaid xd1 are the main reason that the governmentxd5s long-term finances are in shambles.

Medicare/Medicaid are not successes and models for public insurance'

Three Reasons Why a Strong Public Option is Likely to be Part of Health Insurance Reform Huffington Post.

[...] Once everyone is required [by mandates] to buy insurance, the companies can have a field day raising prices and profits using the government to guarantee they are paid - either through subsidies or the imposition of fines.

You can see why, from an insurance company perspective, this would be a great deal."'

Mandates wrongly give insurers millions of new customers Robert Creamer.

Three Reasons Why a Strong Public Option is Likely to be Part of Health Insurance Reform Huffington Post.

You can see why, from an insurance company perspective, this would be a great deal.

The Case Against: The public plan will unfairly crowd out private coverage.

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

[...] A public plan does nothing to advance on this.

And insurance companies will continue to profit by discriminating against sick people."'

[2]'	0	0.3250800371170044
4357	Healthcare reform/regulation can succeed without public option Stuart Butler.	0	2.8720300178974867E-4
4358	The Case Against: The public plan will unfairly crowd out private coverage".

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

We all voted for change we can believe in.

The myth that "bipartisan" legislation works better than partisan legislation is widespread, but virtually no real evidence supports it.

'It would be a huge mistake for the left to torpedo reform over this question.'

The arguments for a public option as the only way to achieve certain objectives just don't stack up."'

And, by ensuring that individuals do not fall ill or victim to being uninsured, a public insurance option will ensure that individuals stay economically productive. '

The points made in this article sound very nice on the surface.

[6]'	0	0.008763959631323814
2868	You just proved my point.	0	3.553411806933582E-5
2869	I am NOT enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes luxury of a highway because it is more of a parkway during rush hour traffic ;)Nor am I enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes police that take more than an hour to respond to anything.If it's socialised and paid-through-taxes it is more than likely sh*t.Have a nice day ;)

(hence why i say them) But nice usage of my little ass umption ;) As to your second point.

Let's suppose for the sake of the discussion, that "point" is 24 hours.

It then becomes in their best interest to "take care of you" and they begin to say, you must take a 10 minute break every two hours, and you must arm stretches, or rest your eyes from looking at your computer monitor, or whatever it may be.

I go in with any problem, and I can get in to see a doctor within an hour.

[6]'	0	0.008763959631323814
2868	You just proved my point.	0	3.553411806933582E-5
2869	I am NOT enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes luxury of a highway because it is more of a parkway during rush hour traffic ;)Nor am I enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes police that take more than an hour to respond to anything.If it's socialised and paid-through-taxes it is more than likely sh*t.Have a nice day ;)

I am NOT enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes luxury of a highway because it is more of a parkway during rush hour traffic.	0	0.0026955173816531897
2871	Then stay at home and don't use it.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

If private insurers believe their product is superior, they should not be worried about a public option."

Do you really doubt that medical care is NOT superior in the US than in other countries?

Do US citizens get far superior healthcare to say French, Canadian or English citizens?

So if we added all of that stuff onto what you pay in taxes, you'd find that you actually don't pay as much for what you get as a french person does.Now, you can argue against UHC on two fronts, it seems to me.

That you work harder to buy more stuff?

I'd say Canada's healthcare is the envy of the world because you can have it for free or a cheap on from another country and stuff.

You should have to work for your stuff.'

Securing a "right" to universal health means impeding on other rights Providing universal health care means increasing costs to certain taxpayers.

Public option forces taxpayers to pay for other people's insurance.

Such breaches of the individual liberties of taxpayers are unjust."

Your right to life imposes nothing on your would-be murderer, but it imposes something on a third party: the taxpayer, who must fund the police that will arrest your would-be murderer and thus protect your right to life.Likewise, if you don't want a crook to steal your property, you must either (a) defend your property by yourself, using your own money and abilities, or (b) force taxpayers to give money to support a police force and court system that will defend your property.If (b), then your rights place a positive obligation on other people.

But for all the scare tactics out there, whatxd5s truly scary xd1 truly risky xd1 is the prospect of doing nothing.

Look at England and the other countries that share our "values" and have made healthcare a universal right.

But altruism is really an anti-morality, which offers a person no moral guidance on how to achieve the values required for his survival and happiness, but rather simply declares that he is moral only to the extent that he gives up his values for the sake of others...any others.That is why altruism is always the justification for all forms of tyranny, including government-imposed "universal health care", which is merely a health care dictatorship in disguise.

What government pays for becomes the reasonable standard of care, a standard that can be debated democratically at appropriations time for the health care budget rather than haggled for erratically in the courts."'

(the stage following capitalism in the transition of a society to communism, characterized by the imperfect implementation of collectivist principles - dictionary.com)'

Because it is NOT perfectly functioning.

But we're not the worst.As for Katrina, I personally blame Bush for appointing that weirdo as the head of FEMA who probably didn't have any experience in that field at all.

But the millions of Americans who are tired of increasing costs and decreasing benefits should have the chance to opt into a program that will offer affordable, quality care, says Health Care for America Now's Richard Kirsch."'

Universal health care is not welfare; its benefits are diverse/widespread Universal health care is about cutting costs, streamlining patient care, simplifying care, and providing high quality health care to all citizens.

The benefits are far to diverse to pigeon-hole universal health care as just "welfare".'

The results of robust private competition to provide the Medicare drug benefit underscore this.

Universal health care can't be reversed even if costs explode Universal health care, like any government benefit, is eventually going to be interpreted as a "right" by the public, making it politically impossible to curtail the program when it becomes too costly. '

But the millions of Americans who are tired of increasing costs and decreasing benefits should have the chance to opt into a program that will offer affordable, quality care, says Health Care for America Now's Richard Kirsch."'

If you donxd5t like a company's "benefit" policy, then again, you are free to move on.

However, the rest of your argument I believe is false.UHC would not benefit the majority of people.

AKA capitalism benefits the majority of people (and that's the best we can hope for)."

;)I do not say that I exist on my own, or that society is evil, those are your words, nor do I claim that I don't benefit from cooperating with others in society, so all your sarcasm against those positions is misdirected.

They cannot be treated the same because society benefits more from the doctor's life than the murderer's.Free market economy is fair and just.

The tax code ties people's health insurance to their job by not providing the same tax benefits if you buy insurance on your own and also by forcing your employer to pay a large sum of it.

Since I am a veteran, I have access to the VA, where I still receive government run health care, which is a benefit to me because it saves me a lot of money.

Nearly 100 providers deliver the drug benefit, competing on better benefits, more choices, and lower prices.

Yet a range of studies demonstrate that public insurance is able to provide a given level of benefits for less than they would cost through private insurance.

Universal health care doesn't have to mean giving up the benefits of capitalism.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

The doctor gets paid through the ministry of health either directly or via insurance companies (like work benefits).

April 13, 2009: "As people gravitate to 'free' or heavily subsidized care, the inevitably explosive costs will be covered in part with increased outlays to keep premiums artificially low or even offer extra benefits.

By way of illustration, between 1997 and 2006, health spending per enrollee (for comparable benefits) grew at 4.6 percent a year under Medicare, compared with 7.3 percent a year under private health insurance.

Combined, this needless administration consumes one-third (31 percent) of Americansxd5 health dollars.

Universal healthcare really means universal enslavement, everybody is forced to provide for the needs of everyone else.

Privately insured Americans would get higher quality health care, but because the market for medical innovation would be smaller, everybody will get worse care than they would otherwise have received had most health care not been nationalized."'

http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/04/us/04pharmacy.html?ref=todayspaper  Yes, you can go to an emergency room no matter what.

http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/21/opinion/21sun1.html?ref=todayspaper  So what's being talked about right now isn't that as much as it is a heavily regulated new system of private insurance companies.

32 days later... somehow I think we probably would have gotten rescheduled sooner in Canada.'

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

Ergo, that is why the proposed legislation of Healthcare reform is so hotly debated in the US.

The army of lobbyists includes 350 former government staff members who - before they took the revolving door for a spin - worked for the very same committees that are writing the legislation."'

The myth that "bipartisan" legislation works better than partisan legislation is widespread, but virtually no real evidence supports it.

(All the following data comes from The World Health Report 2000)Country | % of World | US/% of World------------------------------------------------- United States 4.52 1Japan 1.90 2.4Germany 1.22 3.7France 0.97 4.7United Kingdom 0.92 4.9Now let's sort by overall healthcare performanceCountry | Performance | Cost Per Capita----------------------------------------------- France 1 4Japan 10 13United Kingdom 18 26Germany 25 3United States 37 1Since you were interested in cost let's sort by Performance / Cost Per Capita.

Again, the worse the actual performance, the better Medicare's administrative costs appear as a percentage of total spending."'

The middle class now is already paying for the healthcare of illegal immigrants.

Such a plan will only work if the patient has appropriate responsibility for health care costs.

Universal health care is wrongheaded to the extent that it involves protecting individuals from themselves. '

But altruism is really an anti-morality, which offers a person no moral guidance on how to achieve the values required for his survival and happiness, but rather simply declares that he is moral only to the extent that he gives up his values for the sake of others...any others.That is why altruism is always the justification for all forms of tyranny, including government-imposed "universal health care", which is merely a health care dictatorship in disguise.

More qualified   healthcare   workers will be selected to provide the services and it will cut down on paperwork, that justify the expenses to insurance companies.

Why will more qualified healthcare workers be selected?

The more qualified people will want to get paid what they're worth.I would hope that people would be more likely to see a doctor for preventative care but I do not believe this will happen.

With UHC, the businesses out of pocket expenses and payroll costs would go down, making them more productive and remain competitive in global business.Why we will have more qualified   healthcare   providers?

224 (p. 118) provides that 18 months after the bill becomes law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services will decide what a "qualified plan" covers and how much you'll be legally required to pay for it.

So you also hold the view that the most powerful weapon corrupt corporations have is government regulation, bailouts, etc.	0	0.0017723797354847193
1755	At least we can agree on something.	0	2.889197494369E-4
1756	Christ on a stick, government was SOLD a very long time ago.

Free health care leads to overuse of medical services and higher costs Whenever something of value is provided free of charge in society, it is used more.

This would enable them to charge lower premiums.

Thatxd5s why health insurers deny care to people with pre-existing conditions, charge more if you have any history of even minor health problems and deny and delay approving care.

The Government can't afford the services it pays for now, cause it has no control over the costs of drugs and what Hospitals and Doctors charge.As I said under my plan we control costs and improve care."

Of course people's lifestyles and the crime rates have an effect on longevity, but I'm amazed that anyone could even suggest that Americans have worse health outcomes because of genetics.

Of course people's lifestyles and the crime rates have an effect on longevity, but I'm amazed that anyone could even suggest that Americans have worse health outcomes because of genetics.

Of course, equally important is that we start living healthier lifestyles, but, one thing at a time, I guess?'

Never in any way can anyone justify government or a group of people to have control over individual rights -  such as one's life (health), one's property (money).  "

In case you were unaware, the definition of to steal is "To take (the property of another) without right or permission."

(  http://education.yahoo.com/reference/dictionary/entry/steal  )I do not give permission nor do you have a right to my property as is stated in the Constitution.

to selfishly accept their stolen property.

You have the right to speak without interference, the right to own property, etc.

I suggest you review the fundamental right to life, and the derivative rights liberty, property and the pursuit of happiness.

Your right to life imposes nothing on your would-be murderer, but it imposes something on a third party: the taxpayer, who must fund the police that will arrest your would-be murderer and thus protect your right to life.Likewise, if you don't want a crook to steal your property, you must either (a) defend your property by yourself, using your own money and abilities, or (b) force taxpayers to give money to support a police force and court system that will defend your property.If (b), then your rights place a positive obligation on other people.

It maintains the good properties of capitalism as there would still be the exact same incentives to come up with new cures and the free market is still free to compete.

if anyone can give all their citizans proper health care its the USA.

I also am deeply concerned that single payer coverage will further restrict patients access to a more integrative health care approach, including freedom of choice, full access to health and wellness coverage.  '

I have repeatedly stated that I am for gay marriage but that I did not believe that the current approach the gay community was taking was going to succeed.

A recent study evaluating the California Health Service Plan (CHSP) has shown that a single government payer linked to public authority and accountability can effectively finance health care and significantly save on health care spending, while improving the health of the population This will make health care  affordable, cheaper and provide access for all."

Public insurance would not kill the private insurance industry Probably the best evidence of this is found abroad in places such as France, where both public and private health insurance options exist in a hybrid system.

Modern collectivism merely replaces a supernatural God as that power with some group called the "proletariat", "society", "the masses", the "master race", etc., to which the individual is subordinate, and which leads logically to totalitarianism.

For example, Medicare Advantage plans are paid percent more than Medicare fee-for-service in 2009 for the average beneficiary, clear evidence that traditional Medicare has not always been favored (MedPAC 2009)."'

Too bad you have to wait for the particular ambulance to be available while you have your heart attack.

Indications from the Medicare Advantage experience suggest that, if anything, private plans would most likely be favored over a public plan.

Also, charity health services would not have enough equipment and funds to treat expensive, life-threatening diseases like cancers.'

Universal health care decreases the likelihood of health related problems.

Balanced Politics.org - "Government-mandated procedures will likely reduce doctor flexibility and lead to poor patient care.

But, what is likely to make the most money is often at odds with public and patient interests. '

Universal health care can't be reversed even if costs explode Universal health care, like any government benefit, is eventually going to be interpreted as a "right" by the public, making it politically impossible to curtail the program when it becomes too costly. '

More likely a result of some other lefty policy you detest."

If you don't like the fact that a particular company hires people you donxd5t approve of (moving jobs across seas), you are free to protest by refusing to buy their products.

If you donxd5t like a company's "benefit" policy, then again, you are free to move on.

So I would like to see universal health coverage for true primary care, as I believe that investing upstream would decrease costs downstream.We already have de facto hospitalization, so we obviously should encourage formal coverage for hospitalization.How can we afford such a plan?

People would be more likely to see a doctor for preventive care than seeing a doctor later with serious   health   problems, which are the most expensive.

The more qualified people will want to get paid what they're worth.I would hope that people would be more likely to see a doctor for preventative care but I do not believe this will happen.

I liked it there.'

Morris:xca And what's going to happen is the same thing that goes on in Canada.xca Because of the long wait for colonoscopies, the incidence of colon   cancer   in Canada is 25 percent higher than in the US.And because the two top drugs we use for chemotherapy for advanced stage colon cancer are not available in Canada because of costs, the death rate is 2 % higher.xca 41 percent of Canadians die of colon cancer compared to 32 in the US.O'Reilly:xca That is one of the most compelling things about your book, is that you deliver statistics that say Americans are a lot healthier than Canadians are in the vital disease categoryxd1heart disease, cancer, things like that.xcaMorris:xca Let's quantify it.xca 6 percent lower death rate from heart disease and a 16 percent lower death rate from cancer in the US.xca And Canada has more poor people.	0	9.736777865327895E-4
1483	There are two possibilities here.

Will individuals get to choose to pay or not to pay?Everyone keeps saying it's like medicare but I hate the concept of medicare...'

There are public-private hybrids as well, like state employee health plans where the government assumes the risk and insurance companies are responsible for the management.

I'd like to have   health insurance   that I didn't have to ask each time to make sure what part they were going to pay."

Why do you believe a company out to make a buck is more likely to take better care of you than the government?

The government does not and should not feed us like mice in a cage.

Will universal health care be run like the US Postal Service, AMTRAK or our public school system?

Maybe I should.	1	0.979808509349823
2372	I could be DEAD wrong on this issue, I would like to know more about the plan you're elaborating on. '	1	0.9066171050071716
2373	If you're going to insult someone, at least take it upon yourself to spell the insult correctly:   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carnac_the_Magnificent  

The status of doctors in a universal health care system is exactly the same as the status of judges in the current justice system.As for Ayn Rand, she was a second-rate, incompetent philosopher who ignored any argument she didn't like.

Of course if my wife gets laid off like a few dozen of her co-workers did last week, then I'm totally screwed.

Jesus Christ, you guys are like a broken record.

Also Republicans are backed by these giant health care companies that give them and people they like better service and money for lobbying for them.

That's like a banker telling you to sign the loan agreement now, then filling in the interest rate and repayment terms 18 months later.xd3You pay a tax to support a service.

[6]'	0	0.008763959631323814
2868	You just proved my point.	0	3.553411806933582E-5
2869	I am NOT enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes luxury of a highway because it is more of a parkway during rush hour traffic ;)Nor am I enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes police that take more than an hour to respond to anything.If it's socialised and paid-through-taxes it is more than likely sh*t.Have a nice day ;)

Take Sweden for example, where a person can walk into a hospital at any moment and get treated without the gratuitous amount of paperwork, or questions like, "Who's your insurance carrier?

I also advocate for plans like MassHealth.

June 24, 2009: "[the critics say] the public plan starts off with an unfair advantage because it's likely to have lower administrative costs.

The Government doesn't own us, so therefore it shouldn't have to take care of us like our mother did.'

Health care should be free to all upon entry like the NHSin UK.

The doctor gets paid through the ministry of health either directly or via insurance companies (like work benefits).

The only aspects of anything medical that would make them consumers is BOTOX, cosmetic surgery, and the like.

I want to give them shots at being blessed just like me.

Do you have to earn protection from the   police   or the fire department?

That banner belongs only to people who renounce the initiation of physical force, and turn instead to respecting and protecting individual rights...everyone's rights equally and at all times.And that means, in the field of medicine, pursuing the moral goal of phasing out the current crumbling government-hampered system, and establishing a completely free market.Now that would be the moral thing to do.'

The article from the NPA (   http://www.opposingviews.com/arguments/it-is-the-patriotic-thing-to-do    ) show that US healthcare is not outstanding compared to other industrialised countries and is rather poor in some respects.'

The main premises here is that "rights" should only protect individuals from harm from others and allow them certain freedoms, but a right to universal health care entails individuals burdening other members of society (possibly violating the liberties of innocents) for things that are perceived as needed or desirable.

The army of lobbyists includes 350 former government staff members who - before they took the revolving door for a spin - worked for the very same committees that are writing the legislation."'

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

This means that a single-payer health care system would not see a major reduction in funding for medical innovation.

That means we already spend more per person than France, Canada or the UK does... in fact, only Germany and Iceland spend more per person than the United States when it comes to public funding.

I certainly wouldn't say that "more government funding will fix the problem."

Screwed completely.The government isn't going to go door to door and jack people's money, they're going to use taxes to pay for universal health care, if that's a problem then we might as well forget taxes completely so you can look at privately funded toll-roads absolutely everywhere(They already exist, but in small numbers), schools with little to no funding, and a fee for absolutely everything.I guess universal school care is also stealing money from one person and giving it to another, but nobody seems to care about that right?

This is why "universal health care" is such a grossly immoral policy, and should be opposed as such.'

And because its immoral it is impractical, as any attempt at socialized medicine around the globe has shown.

It a pretty heavy website.

It will do the opposite of growing the economy.

Check my post on the opposite side of this page.

(pardon my french)Not my typical type of proof source but this backs up my side: http://healthcommentary.org/public/item/                                       206699?model=blogsite/HealthCommentary/moderated&style;=blogsite/HealthCommentary/hc God given rights is ridiculously an open topic.

Members of a civilized   society   recognize that all humans are vulnerable to diseasexd1this is something we have in commonxd1and so we willingly pooling our resources to protect each of us against the hazards of fate.'

I don't have to actually read the primary sources myself because the fact is that I don't want to be tax at a higher rate, period.Here's how it should work.

The authors of the study concluded that the prices paid for health care services are much higher in the U.S. An estimated 84.7% of citizens have some form of health insurance coverage, either through their employer, purchased individually, or through government sources.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

There are some facts about those infant mortality statistics that perhaps you should consider...namely, the criteria used to compile them.

Morris:xca And what's going to happen is the same thing that goes on in Canada.xca Because of the long wait for colonoscopies, the incidence of colon   cancer   in Canada is 25 percent higher than in the US.And because the two top drugs we use for chemotherapy for advanced stage colon cancer are not available in Canada because of costs, the death rate is 2 % higher.xca 41 percent of Canadians die of colon cancer compared to 32 in the US.O'Reilly:xca That is one of the most compelling things about your book, is that you deliver statistics that say Americans are a lot healthier than Canadians are in the vital disease categoryxd1heart disease, cancer, things like that.xcaMorris:xca Let's quantify it.xca 6 percent lower death rate from heart disease and a 16 percent lower death rate from cancer in the US.xca And Canada has more poor people.	0	9.736777865327895E-4
1483	There are two possibilities here.

But altruism is really an anti-morality, which offers a person no moral guidance on how to achieve the values required for his survival and happiness, but rather simply declares that he is moral only to the extent that he gives up his values for the sake of others...any others.That is why altruism is always the justification for all forms of tyranny, including government-imposed "universal health care", which is merely a health care dictatorship in disguise.

It isn't altruism.. it was necessary for survival.

	0	0.002170347375795245
1273	Socialism is never the solution.	0	0.0012146512744948268
1274	Stealing   money   from some people (while calling it taxation") to pay for the medical expenses of others in still wrong.

More qualified   healthcare   workers will be selected to provide the services and it will cut down on paperwork, that justify the expenses to insurance companies.

With UHC, the businesses out of pocket expenses and payroll costs would go down, making them more productive and remain competitive in global business.Why we will have more qualified   healthcare   providers?

The simple answers are:  Because our standards are high; Because in addition to the actual cost of the medical care administered to paying patients, added are the cost of lawyersxd5, courtsxd5 and insurance fees, government imposed   taxes  , FDA regulations adherence fees, illegal non-paying immigrant medical expenses, etc.

I may not be thrilled with the expense of my current PPO plan, but it's a MILLION times better than what I experienced in the military system. "

Boy, where to start with that one....  http://willtoexist.com/universal-health-care_1202  /'	1	0.6577747464179993
1791	Morality ends where a gun begins"- Ayn RandOn what basis does one call government-run "universal health care" "the moral thing to do"?It is only the morality of altruism...the creed that holds individual human sacrifice for a "higher" purpose as the standard of the good...that can sanction any proposal to force others to act against his own will, judgement, and self-interest.

But altruism is really an anti-morality, which offers a person no moral guidance on how to achieve the values required for his survival and happiness, but rather simply declares that he is moral only to the extent that he gives up his values for the sake of others...any others.That is why altruism is always the justification for all forms of tyranny, including government-imposed "universal health care", which is merely a health care dictatorship in disguise.

It isn't altruism.. it was necessary for survival.

Provided you're not a complete douche (which is the point of why it's not altruism to look out for your neighbor, but is actually done in self-interest).

It won't matter if they skip an appointment, they're covered if something bad happens.

And this is just a ridiculous statement to appeal to emotion.The only other point I think needs a response is your tactless criticism of capitalism.

(pardon my french)Not my typical type of proof source but this backs up my side: http://healthcommentary.org/public/item/                                       206699?model=blogsite/HealthCommentary/moderated&style;=blogsite/HealthCommentary/hc God given rights is ridiculously an open topic.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

medical decisions are made by health professionals (doctors, nurses, chiropractors, etc) and the individual, and insurance companies no longer have any say in the care of a patient7.

Doctors and nurses shouldn't work for free, the government should pay them, we should not have to.

Therefore, I will try to make my point another way.UHC will be funded by   taxes  .Taxes are paid by everyone (unequally, the rich paying a higher percentage).Everyone will not be using the same amount of   health care  .Therefore, some people will be paying more than their share and some will be paying less.This is unequal and unfair and WRONG.Also, health care should not be free for anyone ever.

They will end up paying less percentage wise than their secretaries...   and they'll even admit it.

Again, the worse the actual performance, the better Medicare's administrative costs appear as a percentage of total spending."'

Under the QAPI program, the Secretary shall establish standards relating to such facilities and provide technical assistance to such facilities on the development of best practices in order to meet such standards with quality assessment and assurance activities conducted under clause RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE INDEPENDENT MONITORAn independent monitor (1) conduct periodic reviews and prepare root- cause quality and deficiency analyses if facilities are in compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (2) undertake sustained oversight of the facilities to involve the owners of the chain and the principal business owners in facilitating compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (3) analyze the management structure, distribution of expenditures, and nurse staffing levels of facilities in relation to resident census, staff turnover rates, and tenure.

Not enough staff is usually the case.

The army of lobbyists includes 350 former government staff members who - before they took the revolving door for a spin - worked for the very same committees that are writing the legislation."'

Do you have to earn protection from the   police   or the fire department?

There will be waiting lines, there will be rationing, there will be monumental incompetence and arrogant bureaucracy.

Have you been given control of the lives of your local police officers?Along the same lines, are you "enslaving" the military, who provides your national defense?

Creating a new administrative framework and patient database would be a massive under-taking.'

Universal health care makes a centralized national database possible "Should the Government Provide Free Universal Health Care for All Americans?".

Balanced Politics.org - "We can develop a centralized national database which makes diagnosis and treatment easier for doctors.

Government-control of databases better protect privacy than companies.

The alternative to a government-controlled health care database is only a privately owned health care databases.

Health care databases threaten to violate the privacy of patients.'

So, provide healthcare for all get them well and get rid of welfare to help balance the cost of healthcare. '

When the wealthy must use public health care, the system improves If the wealthy are not allowed to buy better health insurance, and are forced to use public single-payer health care, they come to realize that the only way to ensure good care is to pressure for good universal health care.

[3]'	0	0.24252289533615112
540	Medicare is a failure that should not be expanded into universal care'	1	0.8427060842514038
541	There are many ways to pay for any added costs of universal health care Some proposed means of dealing with these added costs include a cigarette tax and repealing tax cuts for the wealthy.'	0	0.010934011079370975
542	A payroll tax could help fund universal health care '	1	0.9828656315803528
543	Public insurance offers needed alternative to uninsured and struggling.	1	0.9459611773490906
544	Richard Kirsch, National Campaign Manager for Health Care for America Now!	1	0.9803053140640259
545	Three Reasons for the Choice of a Public Health Insurance Plan".

Commonwealth Fund.

We need universal health care it is a right to have health care not just he wealthy. "

Let's be creative and allow privatization, but not to the point that we have become, so that health care is exclusively for the wealthy.

The United States is the only wealthy, industrialized nation that does not have a universal health care system.

And all the Sociologists are saying, "spread the wealth."

[3]'	0	0.24252289533615112
540	Medicare is a failure that should not be expanded into universal care'	1	0.8427060842514038
541	There are many ways to pay for any added costs of universal health care Some proposed means of dealing with these added costs include a cigarette tax and repealing tax cuts for the wealthy.'	0	0.010934011079370975
542	A payroll tax could help fund universal health care '	1	0.9828656315803528
543	Public insurance offers needed alternative to uninsured and struggling.	1	0.9459611773490906
544	Richard Kirsch, National Campaign Manager for Health Care for America Now!	1	0.9803053140640259
545	Three Reasons for the Choice of a Public Health Insurance Plan".

That banner belongs only to people who renounce the initiation of physical force, and turn instead to respecting and protecting individual rights...everyone's rights equally and at all times.And that means, in the field of medicine, pursuing the moral goal of phasing out the current crumbling government-hampered system, and establishing a completely free market.Now that would be the moral thing to do.'

Provided you're not a complete douche (which is the point of why it's not altruism to look out for your neighbor, but is actually done in self-interest).

Therefore, since you obviously lean toward socialism in your opinions, the fact that you say you love capitalism is completely hypocritical.

Socialized medicine is a complete disaster all around the world, the more thorough the implementation the more disastarous the results.

Screwed completely.The government isn't going to go door to door and jack people's money, they're going to use taxes to pay for universal health care, if that's a problem then we might as well forget taxes completely so you can look at privately funded toll-roads absolutely everywhere(They already exist, but in small numbers), schools with little to no funding, and a fee for absolutely everything.I guess universal school care is also stealing money from one person and giving it to another, but nobody seems to care about that right?

But, this is unfair and contrary to the higher moral principles upon which societies should be founded.

The Case Against: The public plan will unfairly crowd out private coverage.

The Case Against: The public plan will unfairly crowd out private coverage.

Therefore, I will try to make my point another way.UHC will be funded by   taxes  .Taxes are paid by everyone (unequally, the rich paying a higher percentage).Everyone will not be using the same amount of   health care  .Therefore, some people will be paying more than their share and some will be paying less.This is unequal and unfair and WRONG.Also, health care should not be free for anyone ever.

June 24, 2009: "[the critics say] the public plan starts off with an unfair advantage because it's likely to have lower administrative costs.

The Case Against: The public plan will unfairly crowd out private coverage.

[2]'	0	0.3250800371170044
4357	Healthcare reform/regulation can succeed without public option Stuart Butler.	0	2.8720300178974867E-4
4358	The Case Against: The public plan will unfairly crowd out private coverage".

So if you take the wrong legal drug you can go to the doctor and get help not thrown in jail to be raped and have you future life destroyed by our greedy out of control so called leader house/senate.

Either you should be opposed to fire/police protection and universal healthcare, or should support both.

Do you have to earn protection from the   police   or the fire department?

[...] Yet the fireworks shows at Citizens Bank Park last Thursday and Friday were brought to the sellout crowds by Independence Blue Cross.

Look at England and the other countries that share our "values" and have made healthcare a universal right.

Therefore, I will try to make my point another way.UHC will be funded by   taxes  .Taxes are paid by everyone (unequally, the rich paying a higher percentage).Everyone will not be using the same amount of   health care  .Therefore, some people will be paying more than their share and some will be paying less.This is unequal and unfair and WRONG.Also, health care should not be free for anyone ever.

I think we need to focus on the actual issue, which is health care in this country and not wander off in the direction of education, which while it is an issue that desperately needs to be addressed and has lasting effects perhaps even in regards to our health care system it doesn't mean that the system itself shouldn't be changed.'	0	0.0037833366077393293
3533	Although I do agree the Cost of the system and wages for the average citizen are the problems, I have to disagree with how to fix them.With many of the problems of our time, they come from either extremely lax regulation or no regulation at all.	0	0.014406290836632252
3534	This is an extremely sad statement on human nature.The another (unmentioned) part of Socialism is that society helps you when your in need.	1	0.9820653796195984
3535	Sure the Baby Boomers are going to be literally siphoning money out of the US tax payer, I know they are in Canada.	0	0.008654354140162468
3536	But what happens when you reach that age?	0	0.0028836436104029417
3537	Are you going to be able to pay medical costs?	1	0.8996909856796265
3538	Are you going to enjoy paying medical costs?It's a tit-for-tat situation.	1	0.9514070153236389
3539	Sure your covering the costs of others now, but someday others may be covering your costs.	1	0.9899452328681946
3540	And I'm pretty sure, unless your secretly Bill Gates, you, nor your family, have an infinite money source.

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

If you're going to sit there and say that you think a child does not deserve   health care   because his parents work at Burger King and Walmart, you are disgustingly wrong.

You might look at the 22 to 35 percent of the cut the insurance companies take out of the costs.Medicare runs only a 4 to 6 percent overhead.My parents on Medicare, get better care than I do and I spend over 16,00 dollars per year on insurance.I favor nationalized health care.... or at least a single payer system.

The potential growth in the GDP could absorb the absurd debt we are forced into.As for the draft.

This should add another 3-4% onto our economic growth a year.Along with my trade reforms we could have 10% economic growth year over year.

Look to examples in other countries, read your history books.

So if you take the wrong legal drug you can go to the doctor and get help not thrown in jail to be raped and have you future life destroyed by our greedy out of control so called leader house/senate.

June 6, 2009: "The ONLY reason there is consideration of continuing the failed, greedy, destructive corporate insurance system is because the few who get rich off of it are paying off politicians to keep things they way they are.

You gladly pay for the health care of   senators   that don't give a crap about you, and millions of other federal employees that don't do a damn thing for you.

Individuals and families earning less than these amounts will be eligible for subsidies paid directly to their insurer.xd3This is absolute crap.

With UHC, the businesses out of pocket expenses and payroll costs would go down, making them more productive and remain competitive in global business.Why we will have more qualified   healthcare   providers?

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

Either you should be opposed to fire/police protection and universal healthcare, or should support both.

If citizens have a right to be healthy, they are due some protections from the sickly.

Do you have to earn protection from the   police   or the fire department?

Perhaps the US will copy California....As for your comments comparing the   police   with   health   coverage, there is a difference between protection from others and protection from death by natural causes.

Universal health care will allow doctors to concentrate on patients In private and managed health care networks, doctors typically have to check with insurance companies before they perform a service.

Public insurance offers a valuable check on private insurance Jacob Hacker.

The Institute for America's Future: "Public plan choice creates an institutional xd2check and balance,xd3 encouraging private plans to uphold high standards of quality, affordability, and access."'

In your paychecks, your parking/speeding tickets, and for some services performed by the police you do pay them directly. '

And for those who have a hard time getting insurance into taking better care of themselves with regular checkups.

(Since it's impossible to know what article you're referring to, there is no way to check the data the reporters used to make sure they're making the right comparisons and drawing the correct inferences; it's not even possible to verify that the WSJ article actually backs your position.

Indications from the Medicare Advantage experience suggest that, if anything, private plans would most likely be favored over a public plan.

For example, Medicare Advantage plans are paid percent more than Medicare fee-for-service in 2009 for the average beneficiary, clear evidence that traditional Medicare has not always been favored (MedPAC 2009)."'

Without this incentive, they will often want a drug that they have seen advertised on television or in magazines.So with many caveats I favor universal health coverage.

You might look at the 22 to 35 percent of the cut the insurance companies take out of the costs.Medicare runs only a 4 to 6 percent overhead.My parents on Medicare, get better care than I do and I spend over 16,00 dollars per year on insurance.I favor nationalized health care.... or at least a single payer system.

I've always been in favor of some type of Socialized medicine in the country but I think with all the fighting going on at town halls and such it's hard to know what the bill's attributes are at this point.

Socializing anything involves taking individual decisions and "socializing" any negative effects to the community instead of limiting it to the individual.'

I have repeatedly stated that I am for gay marriage but that I did not believe that the current approach the gay community was taking was going to succeed.

The simple answers are:  Because our standards are high; Because in addition to the actual cost of the medical care administered to paying patients, added are the cost of lawyersxd5, courtsxd5 and insurance fees, government imposed   taxes  , FDA regulations adherence fees, illegal non-paying immigrant medical expenses, etc.

I think to solve the problem with growing medical fees in this nation, a change from private to universal healthcare will not promote economic security (in fact, health insurance companies are pretty big companies employing thousands of people across the country--would switching to universal healthcare put them out of jobs?).

Universal health care lowers long-term health costs Universal health care systems better encourage patients to seek preventive care.

Cost savings with universal health care will outweigh program costs It is important in this analysis to consider that, even if universal health care were to cost more now, that these costs could easily be outweighed by long-term cost-savings.

June 27, 2009: "The largest existing public health programs xd1 Medicare and Medicaid xd1 are the main reason that the governmentxd5s long-term finances are in shambles.

Public insurance would not kill the private insurance industry Probably the best evidence of this is found abroad in places such as France, where both public and private health insurance options exist in a hybrid system.

Many uninsured are lazy free-loaders who don't deserve care Many uninsured are simply lazy, and believe they can get a free ride off of the system.

And this is just a ridiculous statement to appeal to emotion.The only other point I think needs a response is your tactless criticism of capitalism.

So, provide healthcare for all get them well and get rid of welfare to help balance the cost of healthcare. '

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

Public insurance is public-private hybrid, not socialized medicine Jacob S. Hacker, Ph.D. "The case for public plan choice in national health reform".

US has existing examples of public insurance, public-private hybrids.Tom Daschle.

There are public-private hybrids as well, like state employee health plans where the government assumes the risk and insurance companies are responsible for the management.

Efforts to create a public-private insurance hybrid are in good faith.

It is true that there are many advocates of a pure single-payer system, but there are just as many advocates of a hybrid system.

Tyrants, "social justice" totalitarians, humanitarians with a "good cause" in one hand and the lever of a guillotine in the other, and all manner of politically-connected do-gooders have been riding the altruistic gravy train long enough.

Doctors, patients, everyone.Get rid of the unnecessary overhead, get insurance companies out of medicine.'

[...] Yet the fireworks shows at Citizens Bank Park last Thursday and Friday were brought to the sellout crowds by Independence Blue Cross.

(pardon my french)Not my typical type of proof source but this backs up my side: http://healthcommentary.org/public/item/                                       206699?model=blogsite/HealthCommentary/moderated&style;=blogsite/HealthCommentary/hc God given rights is ridiculously an open topic.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

Modern collectivism merely replaces a supernatural God as that power with some group called the "proletariat", "society", "the masses", the "master race", etc., to which the individual is subordinate, and which leads logically to totalitarianism.

Public insurance meets moral obligation to insure the uninsured Ronald R. Mercer, Bullhead City, Ariz. "America, its uninsured need public option".

As for a moral obligation - we have already, as a society, decided it is best for eeryone if we pay for every child's education.

Under socialism there are no individuals, only meaningless cogs whose obligation is to serve the collective as prescribed by the omnipotent state.  "

Your right to life imposes nothing on your would-be murderer, but it imposes something on a third party: the taxpayer, who must fund the police that will arrest your would-be murderer and thus protect your right to life.Likewise, if you don't want a crook to steal your property, you must either (a) defend your property by yourself, using your own money and abilities, or (b) force taxpayers to give money to support a police force and court system that will defend your property.If (b), then your rights place a positive obligation on other people.

It is not my obligation to pay for the healthcare of others.

The public plan would be subject to all sorts of political interventions and would be required to delay making changes in health plans until it had solicited extensive public comments.

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

It is fallacious to assume that a universal health care system must be more expensive than the present arrangements in the USA.

I have presented evidence that suggests that universal health schemes work out cheaper.

Universal healthcare presents an opportunity for the health of all it's citizens.

Huge assumption but you can tell by the way people present their cases.

Boy, where to start with that one....  http://willtoexist.com/universal-health-care_1202  /'	1	0.6577747464179993
1791	Morality ends where a gun begins"- Ayn RandOn what basis does one call government-run "universal health care" "the moral thing to do"?It is only the morality of altruism...the creed that holds individual human sacrifice for a "higher" purpose as the standard of the good...that can sanction any proposal to force others to act against his own will, judgement, and self-interest.

Morris:xca And what's going to happen is the same thing that goes on in Canada.xca Because of the long wait for colonoscopies, the incidence of colon   cancer   in Canada is 25 percent higher than in the US.And because the two top drugs we use for chemotherapy for advanced stage colon cancer are not available in Canada because of costs, the death rate is 2 % higher.xca 41 percent of Canadians die of colon cancer compared to 32 in the US.O'Reilly:xca That is one of the most compelling things about your book, is that you deliver statistics that say Americans are a lot healthier than Canadians are in the vital disease categoryxd1heart disease, cancer, things like that.xcaMorris:xca Let's quantify it.xca 6 percent lower death rate from heart disease and a 16 percent lower death rate from cancer in the US.xca And Canada has more poor people.	0	9.736777865327895E-4
1483	There are two possibilities here.

I would a whole lot rather my hard earned money go towards paying the health bills of smokers and fatties than illegal aliens that don't pay one red cent, for any dime they make, towards taxes.

We just have to get away from this mentality that someone else should pay our bills.4.

If the average family put $100 a month into savings from the time they are 20 to the time they retire, assuming they donxd5t have more than 2 major medical bills in 40 years, they will have saved close to $1 million (after interest).

During the presidential campaign, he said, 'If I were designing a system from scratch, I would probably go ahead with a single-payer system.'"'

Too bad you have to wait for the particular ambulance to be available while you have your heart attack.

Under the QAPI program, the Secretary shall establish standards relating to such facilities and provide technical assistance to such facilities on the development of best practices in order to meet such standards with quality assessment and assurance activities conducted under clause RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE INDEPENDENT MONITORAn independent monitor (1) conduct periodic reviews and prepare root- cause quality and deficiency analyses if facilities are in compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (2) undertake sustained oversight of the facilities to involve the owners of the chain and the principal business owners in facilitating compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (3) analyze the management structure, distribution of expenditures, and nurse staffing levels of facilities in relation to resident census, staff turnover rates, and tenure.

Universal health care can't be reversed even if costs explode Universal health care, like any government benefit, is eventually going to be interpreted as a "right" by the public, making it politically impossible to curtail the program when it becomes too costly. '

(Since it's impossible to know what article you're referring to, there is no way to check the data the reporters used to make sure they're making the right comparisons and drawing the correct inferences; it's not even possible to verify that the WSJ article actually backs your position.

They would go out of business and then we're all screwed.The solution is to reduce the regulations already on insurance companies as well as encourage true competition for   health   coverage.

Under the QAPI program, the Secretary shall establish standards relating to such facilities and provide technical assistance to such facilities on the development of best practices in order to meet such standards with quality assessment and assurance activities conducted under clause RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE INDEPENDENT MONITORAn independent monitor (1) conduct periodic reviews and prepare root- cause quality and deficiency analyses if facilities are in compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (2) undertake sustained oversight of the facilities to involve the owners of the chain and the principal business owners in facilitating compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (3) analyze the management structure, distribution of expenditures, and nurse staffing levels of facilities in relation to resident census, staff turnover rates, and tenure.

If it is all Universal Healthcare paid by the Government, you will see a flood of   doctors   stop practicing, it will no longer be profitable and full of regulations.

The simple answers are:  Because our standards are high; Because in addition to the actual cost of the medical care administered to paying patients, added are the cost of lawyersxd5, courtsxd5 and insurance fees, government imposed   taxes  , FDA regulations adherence fees, illegal non-paying immigrant medical expenses, etc.

You also claim that, Promote the general Welfare = all laws/regulations should not harm the country"Dictionary.com defines the term promote: 1.

Promoting general welfare would involve more than simply making sure the law/regulations we put in place do "not harm the country.

Promoting general welfare would involve more than simply making sure the law/regulations we put in place do 'not harm the country.'"Seriously?

Yes after an initial payment of lets say a pound or two per visit.'

Many uninsured are lazy free-loaders who don't deserve care Many uninsured are simply lazy, and believe they can get a free ride off of the system.

It will do the opposite of growing the economy.

Check my post on the opposite side of this page.

That's like a banker telling you to sign the loan agreement now, then filling in the interest rate and repayment terms 18 months later.xd3You pay a tax to support a service.

It is anathema to many of the very people who are in agreement and just throws a monkey wrench into the discussion."'

It is anathema to many of the very people who are in agreement and just throws a monkey wrench into the discussion."'

For example, many individuals opt to stay with their job instead of starting their own business because they are unsure of whether they can get health insurance on the individual market, which has higher premiums and often denies people with pre-existing conditions."'

Thatxd5s why health insurers deny care to people with pre-existing conditions, charge more if you have any history of even minor health problems and deny and delay approving care.

Put some facts before us, please.'

I don't have a link for this, but if you doubt me please go to an ER and ask for a colonoscopy or a mammogram.The American Cancer Society found that (and this is sort of a duh thing)   cancer   kills more often if you don't have adequate health insurance.

It wonxd5t have to please Wall Street financial analysts.

Could you provide a link to the correct bill for me please?'

paper work) Medical professionals are often challenged with massive amounts of paperwork in private health care systems.

Health care is considered a right in international law.

Universal health care internationally is better than US system Paul Krugman, Robin Wells.

An important part of the evidence takes the form of international comparisons.

Since I am a man of my word, I'll leave your comments to speak for themselves.

Perhaps the US will copy California....As for your comments comparing the   police   with   health   coverage, there is a difference between protection from others and protection from death by natural causes.

The public plan would be subject to all sorts of political interventions and would be required to delay making changes in health plans until it had solicited extensive public comments.

A recent study evaluating the California Health Service Plan (CHSP) has shown that a single government payer linked to public authority and accountability can effectively finance health care and significantly save on health care spending, while improving the health of the population This will make health care  affordable, cheaper and provide access for all."

And we've made great progress in recent years with reinsurance and risk adjustment mechanisms to handle high-risk people.

And we've made great progress in recent years with reinsurance and risk adjustment mechanisms to handle high-risk people.

For example, would "elective" surgeries such as breast implants, wart removal, hair restoration, and lasik eye surgery be covered?

and schedule surgeries?

For those that will contract illnesses or cancers regardless of any preventative measures they take, such high-end treatment is welcome. "

If you don't like the fact that a particular company hires people you donxd5t approve of (moving jobs across seas), you are free to protest by refusing to buy their products.

You have pharma companies charging an arm and a leg for products that aren't worth the price.

(All the following data comes from The World Health Report 2000)Country | % of World | US/% of World------------------------------------------------- United States 4.52 1Japan 1.90 2.4Germany 1.22 3.7France 0.97 4.7United Kingdom 0.92 4.9Now let's sort by overall healthcare performanceCountry | Performance | Cost Per Capita----------------------------------------------- France 1 4Japan 10 13United Kingdom 18 26Germany 25 3United States 37 1Since you were interested in cost let's sort by Performance / Cost Per Capita.

Health coverage would cost more for unhealthier people.

Morris:xca And what's going to happen is the same thing that goes on in Canada.xca Because of the long wait for colonoscopies, the incidence of colon   cancer   in Canada is 25 percent higher than in the US.And because the two top drugs we use for chemotherapy for advanced stage colon cancer are not available in Canada because of costs, the death rate is 2 % higher.xca 41 percent of Canadians die of colon cancer compared to 32 in the US.O'Reilly:xca That is one of the most compelling things about your book, is that you deliver statistics that say Americans are a lot healthier than Canadians are in the vital disease categoryxd1heart disease, cancer, things like that.xcaMorris:xca Let's quantify it.xca 6 percent lower death rate from heart disease and a 16 percent lower death rate from cancer in the US.xca And Canada has more poor people.	0	9.736777865327895E-4
1483	There are two possibilities here.

Of course, equally important is that we start living healthier lifestyles, but, one thing at a time, I guess?'

Similarly, innovations in coordinating care for elders with chronic illness in private plans have provided a useful foundation for care-coordination demonstrations in the public Medicare plan."'

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

It will have a mandate to provide health care, from preventive care through care for serious and chronic illnesses.

	0	0.002170347375795245
1273	Socialism is never the solution.	0	0.0012146512744948268
1274	Stealing   money   from some people (while calling it taxation") to pay for the medical expenses of others in still wrong.

The middle class will bear more weight (and taxation) upon their shoulders.

The potential growth in the GDP could absorb the absurd debt we are forced into.As for the draft.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

Modern collectivism merely replaces a supernatural God as that power with some group called the "proletariat", "society", "the masses", the "master race", etc., to which the individual is subordinate, and which leads logically to totalitarianism.

They screen procedures, tests, medicines and services administered to the insured patients, and screen and pay insurance claims.

In other words, for every year that life expectancy has increased, five months can be attributed to the availability of new medicines.

They then either spend years struggling trying to pay it off or they just can't pay it and it ruins their credit etc.

Under the QAPI program, the Secretary shall establish standards relating to such facilities and provide technical assistance to such facilities on the development of best practices in order to meet such standards with quality assessment and assurance activities conducted under clause RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE INDEPENDENT MONITORAn independent monitor (1) conduct periodic reviews and prepare root- cause quality and deficiency analyses if facilities are in compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (2) undertake sustained oversight of the facilities to involve the owners of the chain and the principal business owners in facilitating compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (3) analyze the management structure, distribution of expenditures, and nurse staffing levels of facilities in relation to resident census, staff turnover rates, and tenure.

I don't have to actually read the primary sources myself because the fact is that I don't want to be tax at a higher rate, period.Here's how it should work.

A number of hospital record clerks that dealt with insurance would also be out of work.

[3]'	0	0.24252289533615112
540	Medicare is a failure that should not be expanded into universal care'	1	0.8427060842514038
541	There are many ways to pay for any added costs of universal health care Some proposed means of dealing with these added costs include a cigarette tax and repealing tax cuts for the wealthy.'	0	0.010934011079370975
542	A payroll tax could help fund universal health care '	1	0.9828656315803528
543	Public insurance offers needed alternative to uninsured and struggling.	1	0.9459611773490906
544	Richard Kirsch, National Campaign Manager for Health Care for America Now!	1	0.9803053140640259
545	Three Reasons for the Choice of a Public Health Insurance Plan".

But in our judgment, if that many Americans were to decide that such a plan is a better deal for them and their families, that would be a good thing.

If you have never dealt with these issues, you simply can't imagine how bad it is, I'm not exagerating, ask around.

I don't want to live under your ideal of freedom and liberty to all (if you can afford it).

4. considering or dealing with overall characteristics, universal aspects, or important elements, esp.

People talk about how taxes would be higher well taxes are killing people too so at least if they were somewhere they could not worry about having to deal with one more thing perhaps the US would be a little better.

You can see why, from an insurance company perspective, this would be a great deal."'

You can see why, from an insurance company perspective, this would be a great deal.

Just as Americans donxd5t turn people away from hospital emergency rooms, Americans donxd5t leave people behind when it comes to health care insurance."'

I think we'd get a lot more bang for our buck if we simply treated people before they end up in the emergency room.Regarding rights, why wouldn't your analogy also apply to public education?

Anyone who's sick can go to the emergency room and the hospital has to treat them whether they can pay or not.

http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/04/us/04pharmacy.html?ref=todayspaper  Yes, you can go to an emergency room no matter what.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

Individuals and families earning less than these amounts will be eligible for subsidies paid directly to their insurer.xd3This is absolute crap.

[...] Once everyone is required [by mandates] to buy insurance, the companies can have a field day raising prices and profits using the government to guarantee they are paid - either through subsidies or the imposition of fines.

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

The right to life means nobody else can   murder   you.

Each individual can choose their own path to pursue happiness because nobody's path is the same.

Screwed completely.The government isn't going to go door to door and jack people's money, they're going to use taxes to pay for universal health care, if that's a problem then we might as well forget taxes completely so you can look at privately funded toll-roads absolutely everywhere(They already exist, but in small numbers), schools with little to no funding, and a fee for absolutely everything.I guess universal school care is also stealing money from one person and giving it to another, but nobody seems to care about that right?

Boy, where to start with that one....  http://willtoexist.com/universal-health-care_1202  /'	1	0.6577747464179993
1791	Morality ends where a gun begins"- Ayn RandOn what basis does one call government-run "universal health care" "the moral thing to do"?It is only the morality of altruism...the creed that holds individual human sacrifice for a "higher" purpose as the standard of the good...that can sanction any proposal to force others to act against his own will, judgement, and self-interest.

Public insurance would not kill the private insurance industry Probably the best evidence of this is found abroad in places such as France, where both public and private health insurance options exist in a hybrid system.

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

Public insurance is public-private hybrid, not socialized medicine Jacob S. Hacker, Ph.D. "The case for public plan choice in national health reform".

US has existing examples of public insurance, public-private hybrids.Tom Daschle.

There are public-private hybrids as well, like state employee health plans where the government assumes the risk and insurance companies are responsible for the management.

Efforts to create a public-private insurance hybrid are in good faith.

It is true that there are many advocates of a pure single-payer system, but there are just as many advocates of a hybrid system.

Second, this strategy would encourage patients to use appropriate generic drugs.

Universal health care is a social good, not merely an economic good Universal health care generally decreases human misery and increases human welfare.

Will increase supplemental insurance premiums for privatized care?

If that doesn't pay enough, I will strive to be a research director for a biomedical   technology   company to design and test biomedical devices to increase the quality of life for many people.

One of the interesting things that popped out to me was the projected deficit increase in billions.

In other words, for every year that life expectancy has increased, five months can be attributed to the availability of new medicines.

Public insurance option may force private insurers to increase rates.

April 13, 2009: "As people gravitate to 'free' or heavily subsidized care, the inevitably explosive costs will be covered in part with increased outlays to keep premiums artificially low or even offer extra benefits.

Huge assumption but you can tell by the way people present their cases.

Without health care, the poor are more vulnerable and have a harder time achieving their goals.

Universal health care systems suffer from inequality of care Some studies have found that universal health care systems are vulnerable to socio-economic inequalities in the care provided. '

It is wrong to make more vulnerable people pay more for insurance The modus operandi of the insurance industry is that the vulnerable (people of higher risk of becoming ill) pay more for health insurance.

Society should strive to defend and care for the needy and vulnerable, instead of subjecting them to a system that punishes them for their disadvantages.'

Members of a civilized   society   recognize that all humans are vulnerable to diseasexd1this is something we have in commonxd1and so we willingly pooling our resources to protect each of us against the hazards of fate.'

Follow the link I left (it's the one that says source at the end of the quote) and you'll find the exact report with that exact line in it.Here it is again."

I got quotes from eHealthInsurance.com.

The Humana quote was for $196.04 per month, coming out to $2,352.48 per year.

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

But, this is unfair and contrary to the higher moral principles upon which societies should be founded.

I will argue that we can only afford universal health coverage if we adopt some capitalistic principles.

(the stage following capitalism in the transition of a society to communism, characterized by the imperfect implementation of collectivist principles - dictionary.com)'

I also think we should be entitled to the same things as were our founding fathers.This country was founded on the principles that stated "You have the right to work hard, and you are entitled to exactly those things which you earn.

Will harm Health Care supporting & contributing industries?

Better technologies and treatments in private health care aids prevention.

These treatments can be a part of prevention or early treatment, and can have better results than what exists in universal health care systems. '

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

Public plan counters insurance company efforts to deny claims Ezra Klein.

Similar efforts around the world have led to rationing of health care and created hurdles between patients and the most advanced treatments.

Without an alternative, the monopolistic system becomes an "uncontested standard" that may be inferior."'

Don't confuse a free market system with a charity free system and don't confuse a socialist system with a free charity system.

Greed is the main motivator for both actions so do not listen to the lies see the movie and listen to the real people that have nothing to gain by lying about the system.

I will argue that we can only afford universal health coverage if we adopt some capitalistic principles.

There are 30 million people in Canada and this is the reason why Canada is not as prosperous as other capitalist countries.

Let's suppose for the sake of the discussion, that "point" is 24 hours.

If you make it to 18, we might have some jobs for you, thanks to your high school diploma.Cuba has better infant and maternal mortality rates than us, for Pete's sake.

But altruism is really an anti-morality, which offers a person no moral guidance on how to achieve the values required for his survival and happiness, but rather simply declares that he is moral only to the extent that he gives up his values for the sake of others...any others.That is why altruism is always the justification for all forms of tyranny, including government-imposed "universal health care", which is merely a health care dictatorship in disguise.

If such countries are  'deep left' in your view then it suggests that your views are very far to the right.2 "If we already spend a large amount of our gross domestic product on healthcare, then what difference would it make if we switched to a system which would require that we spend even more?"

Private healthcare providers are more expensive than public providers They take more money for overhead as well as profit than a public system would.

You might look at the 22 to 35 percent of the cut the insurance companies take out of the costs.Medicare runs only a 4 to 6 percent overhead.My parents on Medicare, get better care than I do and I spend over 16,00 dollars per year on insurance.I favor nationalized health care.... or at least a single payer system.

Doctors, patients, everyone.Get rid of the unnecessary overhead, get insurance companies out of medicine.'

Take Sweden for example, where a person can walk into a hospital at any moment and get treated without the gratuitous amount of paperwork, or questions like, "Who's your insurance carrier?

Life span and birth rates are just statistical gimmicks that are influenced by too many factors to be useful in this context.Universal health care does not mean the poorest and sickest will get medical treatment, at best it means that if they manage find a doctor and survive while waiting then someone else will pay for it....

Get the Roger Moore film SICKO open your eyes read.

(pardon my french)Not my typical type of proof source but this backs up my side: http://healthcommentary.org/public/item/                                       206699?model=blogsite/HealthCommentary/moderated&style;=blogsite/HealthCommentary/hc God given rights is ridiculously an open topic.

Government may set one standard of health care, but it may be inferior.

Without an alternative, the monopolistic system becomes an "uncontested standard" that may be inferior."'

I suggest you review the fundamental right to life, and the derivative rights liberty, property and the pursuit of happiness.

It annoys me that what is considered the most powerful and free country in the world..And yes, it annoys me that citizens of a country that continually talks about freedom and liberty can't be bothered to give a few dollars out of their pay packet (though, they would be paying less, but we'll ignore that for now and assume that it would cost you a bit extra) to ensure that everyone, rich or poor, can get healthcare treatment when they need it.Healthcare reform that seeks to trample upon both liberty and freedom is the antithesis of the inalienable rights of Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness.

Or stated another way, no man has the liberty and freedom to trample another manxd5s liberty, freedom, and pursuit of happiness.

Healthcare reform that seeks to trample upon both liberty and freedom is the antithesis of the inalienable rights of Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness.HR 3962http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/F?c111:1:./temp/~c11192ilau:e365529: Subpart A--Individual ResponsibilitySEC.

Tyrants, "social justice" totalitarians, humanitarians with a "good cause" in one hand and the lever of a guillotine in the other, and all manner of politically-connected do-gooders have been riding the altruistic gravy train long enough.

Will universal health care be run like the US Postal Service, AMTRAK or our public school system?

When the wealthy must use public health care, the system improves If the wealthy are not allowed to buy better health insurance, and are forced to use public single-payer health care, they come to realize that the only way to ensure good care is to pressure for good universal health care.

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

But do people who don't drive recklessly ask for money back when roads are damaged?

Health insurance strains on businesses damage global competitiveness '

Obamacare to Come: Seven Bad Ideas for Health Care Reform'

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

Of course people's lifestyles and the crime rates have an effect on longevity, but I'm amazed that anyone could even suggest that Americans have worse health outcomes because of genetics.

Of course people's lifestyles and the crime rates have an effect on longevity, but I'm amazed that anyone could even suggest that Americans have worse health outcomes because of genetics.

[...] President Obama might not be disappointed if that turned out to be the case.

Obama could not explain it.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

e.g.

Personaly I think we would be better off if we presure the Health Insurance Campanies e.g.

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

Morris:xca And what's going to happen is the same thing that goes on in Canada.xca Because of the long wait for colonoscopies, the incidence of colon   cancer   in Canada is 25 percent higher than in the US.And because the two top drugs we use for chemotherapy for advanced stage colon cancer are not available in Canada because of costs, the death rate is 2 % higher.xca 41 percent of Canadians die of colon cancer compared to 32 in the US.O'Reilly:xca That is one of the most compelling things about your book, is that you deliver statistics that say Americans are a lot healthier than Canadians are in the vital disease categoryxd1heart disease, cancer, things like that.xcaMorris:xca Let's quantify it.xca 6 percent lower death rate from heart disease and a 16 percent lower death rate from cancer in the US.xca And Canada has more poor people.	0	9.736777865327895E-4
1483	There are two possibilities here.

If it is all Universal Healthcare paid by the Government, you will see a flood of   doctors   stop practicing, it will no longer be profitable and full of regulations.

This doesn't mean they are making health care less costly -- they are just reducing how many of the costs they are willing to pay for.If you stop driving your car and instead walk to work then you are not making gas cost less you're only reducing how much you spend paying for it."

What stops us?

Well I'm glad you have done so, what you get from unemployment is less that 50% of your total monthly income when you were employed and this is on top of not receiving insurance.

(pardon my french)Not my typical type of proof source but this backs up my side: http://healthcommentary.org/public/item/                                       206699?model=blogsite/HealthCommentary/moderated&style;=blogsite/HealthCommentary/hc God given rights is ridiculously an open topic.

On top of that, children aren't getting the coverage they need.

Health care is a basic human right or entitlement Health is fundamental to the preservation of all other individual rights.

The main premises here is that "rights" should only protect individuals from harm from others and allow them certain freedoms, but a right to universal health care entails individuals burdening other members of society (possibly violating the liberties of innocents) for things that are perceived as needed or desirable.

Whether universal health care is a legitimate "burden" on the tax payer should be considered inconsequential.

Socialized medicine is a complete disaster all around the world, the more thorough the implementation the more disastarous the results.

This is, unfortunately, one of the downfalls of trying to debate US politics when not actually American.

As most people know, most doctor's visits end with "take this and call me if it doesn't get better" which should hardly be seen as "preventative" of anything.'

Emergency hospital visits of the uninsured is a manageable problem '

For a typical year, the family of four would probably have six visits to the doctor.

These are the people that need health care the most, and the insurance industry has a direct interest in making it difficult or more expensive for them to obtain health insurance.'

2009 Statement by the American Nurses Association: "A public health insurance plan would expand choices and help protect against potential economic calamity for individuals or families who are not satisfied with their current health coverage, have difficulty paying for their health care, or cannot find affordable coverage.

So I have difficulty deciding if my response is pro or con.

It a pretty heavy website.

Universal health care violates individual freedom and responsibility It is important that individuals be treated as free moral agents, accountable to their own actions, and not held accountable to the actions of others.

Universal health care holds some individuals accountable for the actions of others.    '

If you are aware and read you know our so-called leaders senate/house lie to us and waste our money and vote with the corporations that pay them through PACs (political action committees) having said that here is my plan.

Greed is the main motivator for both actions so do not listen to the lies see the movie and listen to the real people that have nothing to gain by lying about the system.

Pretty sure the market's success depends upon human interaction anyway.

And ensure yourself that my having these rights in no way imposes any action or duty or requirements on anyone else, the only thing "imposed" on them is that they not violate my rights.

But if what they say about it is wrong then we will go deeper into debt and a bigger recession.

Under the QAPI program, the Secretary shall establish standards relating to such facilities and provide technical assistance to such facilities on the development of best practices in order to meet such standards with quality assessment and assurance activities conducted under clause RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE INDEPENDENT MONITORAn independent monitor (1) conduct periodic reviews and prepare root- cause quality and deficiency analyses if facilities are in compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (2) undertake sustained oversight of the facilities to involve the owners of the chain and the principal business owners in facilitating compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (3) analyze the management structure, distribution of expenditures, and nurse staffing levels of facilities in relation to resident census, staff turnover rates, and tenure.

Also, charity health services would not have enough equipment and funds to treat expensive, life-threatening diseases like cancers.'

Using it as an argument fails as it's only an appeal to authority."

A recent study evaluating the California Health Service Plan (CHSP) has shown that a single government payer linked to public authority and accountability can effectively finance health care and significantly save on health care spending, while improving the health of the population This will make health care  affordable, cheaper and provide access for all."

I'm no authority but I've seen enough to say universal is the way this country will go and should go.

And we've made great progress in recent years with reinsurance and risk adjustment mechanisms to handle high-risk people.

And we've made great progress in recent years with reinsurance and risk adjustment mechanisms to handle high-risk people.

This is why "universal health care" is such a grossly immoral policy, and should be opposed as such.'

If such countries are  'deep left' in your view then it suggests that your views are very far to the right.2 "If we already spend a large amount of our gross domestic product on healthcare, then what difference would it make if we switched to a system which would require that we spend even more?"

Universal health care protects healthy citizens from many health risks.

It is wrong to make more vulnerable people pay more for insurance The modus operandi of the insurance industry is that the vulnerable (people of higher risk of becoming ill) pay more for health insurance.

For-profit insurance companies often put patients at risk to cut costs - Health insurance claims are considered a "loss" for profit insurance companies.

Insurance companies screen out those that need health care the most Insurance companies have a interest in maximizing profits that drives them to screen out individuals that are unhealthy, old, and "high-risk".

Universal health care risks monopsony: Universal health care systems, in an effort to control costs by gaining or enforcing monopsony power, sometimes outlaw medical care paid for by private, individual funds.'

There are public-private hybrids as well, like state employee health plans where the government assumes the risk and insurance companies are responsible for the management.

I am healthy, don't do anything risky and also gain nothing from this issue.	0	0.0010667945025488734
2359	I have insurance from the company I retired from.

Private companies reduce their risk by disqualifying people that exhibit risk.

But for all the scare tactics out there, whatxd5s truly scary xd1 truly risky xd1 is the prospect of doing nothing.

And we've made great progress in recent years with reinsurance and risk adjustment mechanisms to handle high-risk people.

And we've made great progress in recent years with reinsurance and risk adjustment mechanisms to handle high-risk people.

So if you take the wrong legal drug you can go to the doctor and get help not thrown in jail to be raped and have you future life destroyed by our greedy out of control so called leader house/senate.

The simple answers are:  Because our standards are high; Because in addition to the actual cost of the medical care administered to paying patients, added are the cost of lawyersxd5, courtsxd5 and insurance fees, government imposed   taxes  , FDA regulations adherence fees, illegal non-paying immigrant medical expenses, etc.

The insurance companies have already usurped the doctors by mandating treatments, while leaving the docs liable for the legal ramifications of their practice.

I would a whole lot rather my hard earned money go towards paying the health bills of smokers and fatties than illegal aliens that don't pay one red cent, for any dime they make, towards taxes.

Illegal immigrants wound not get the health care because you have to show proof you are a US citizen.

224 (p. 118) provides that 18 months after the bill becomes law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services will decide what a "qualified plan" covers and how much you'll be legally required to pay for it.

The middle class now is already paying for the healthcare of illegal immigrants.

But, what is likely to make the most money is often at odds with public and patient interests. '

We must put special interests aside and help our citizens.Health Care is a right.

2009 Statement by the American Nurses Association: "A public health insurance plan would expand choices and help protect against potential economic calamity for individuals or families who are not satisfied with their current health coverage, have difficulty paying for their health care, or cannot find affordable coverage.

The potential growth in the GDP could absorb the absurd debt we are forced into.As for the draft.

If a person is "rationed out" of the public health care service (perhaps because the treatment is not considered effective or cost effective enough to warrant intervention) they will be able seek alternative treatment in the private sector.

Without an alternative, the monopolistic system becomes an "uncontested standard" that may be inferior."'

[3]'	0	0.24252289533615112
540	Medicare is a failure that should not be expanded into universal care'	1	0.8427060842514038
541	There are many ways to pay for any added costs of universal health care Some proposed means of dealing with these added costs include a cigarette tax and repealing tax cuts for the wealthy.'	0	0.010934011079370975
542	A payroll tax could help fund universal health care '	1	0.9828656315803528
543	Public insurance offers needed alternative to uninsured and struggling.	1	0.9459611773490906
544	Richard Kirsch, National Campaign Manager for Health Care for America Now!	1	0.9803053140640259
545	Three Reasons for the Choice of a Public Health Insurance Plan".

The alternative to a government-controlled health care database is only a privately owned health care databases.

Universal health care protects healthy citizens from many health risks.

Universal health care risks monopsony: Universal health care systems, in an effort to control costs by gaining or enforcing monopsony power, sometimes outlaw medical care paid for by private, individual funds.'

If you oppose Universal Healthcare, what about the current system do you think works well?

I will argue that we can only afford universal health coverage if we adopt some capitalistic principles.

There are 30 million people in Canada and this is the reason why Canada is not as prosperous as other capitalist countries.

This is a typical effect of placing, one, health care costs on a single party and, two, in the hands of elected officials.

Of course, equally important is that we start living healthier lifestyles, but, one thing at a time, I guess?'

Private companies reduce their risk by disqualifying people that exhibit risk.

Their governments have simply made an arbitrary decision to spend less, but they will also get less."

It annoys me that what is considered the most powerful and free country in the world..And yes, it annoys me that citizens of a country that continually talks about freedom and liberty can't be bothered to give a few dollars out of their pay packet (though, they would be paying less, but we'll ignore that for now and assume that it would cost you a bit extra) to ensure that everyone, rich or poor, can get healthcare treatment when they need it.Healthcare reform that seeks to trample upon both liberty and freedom is the antithesis of the inalienable rights of Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness.

When the wealthy must use public health care, the system improves If the wealthy are not allowed to buy better health insurance, and are forced to use public single-payer health care, they come to realize that the only way to ensure good care is to pressure for good universal health care.

But do people who don't drive recklessly ask for money back when roads are damaged?

Public insurance would not kill the private insurance industry Probably the best evidence of this is found abroad in places such as France, where both public and private health insurance options exist in a hybrid system.

Be careful what you wish for, or you may kill us all off and have no one to run your cash registers and maintain your road medians.'

But you gladly give your money up for roads you do not travel on,   water   you do not drink, garbage that isn't yours, libraries you will never enter, etcetera etcetera etcetera.

Screwed completely.The government isn't going to go door to door and jack people's money, they're going to use taxes to pay for universal health care, if that's a problem then we might as well forget taxes completely so you can look at privately funded toll-roads absolutely everywhere(They already exist, but in small numbers), schools with little to no funding, and a fee for absolutely everything.I guess universal school care is also stealing money from one person and giving it to another, but nobody seems to care about that right?

The same applies to health care. '

2009 Statement by the American Nurses Association: "A public health insurance plan would expand choices and help protect against potential economic calamity for individuals or families who are not satisfied with their current health coverage, have difficulty paying for their health care, or cannot find affordable coverage.

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

Greed is the main motivator for both actions so do not listen to the lies see the movie and listen to the real people that have nothing to gain by lying about the system.

But in our judgment, if that many Americans were to decide that such a plan is a better deal for them and their families, that would be a good thing.

Individuals and families earning less than these amounts will be eligible for subsidies paid directly to their insurer.xd3This is absolute crap.

For those that will contract illnesses or cancers regardless of any preventative measures they take, such high-end treatment is welcome. "

It will have a mandate to provide health care, from preventive care through care for serious and chronic illnesses.

Urban Institute: "The arguments around the public plan too often ignore what we believe is the central reason for including a public plan as a component of reform: that health insurance markets today, by and large, are simply not competitive.

Health insurance strains on businesses damage global competitiveness '

With UHC, the businesses out of pocket expenses and payroll costs would go down, making them more productive and remain competitive in global business.Why we will have more qualified   healthcare   providers?

Securing a "right" to universal health means impeding on other rights Providing universal health care means increasing costs to certain taxpayers.

Public option forces taxpayers to pay for other people's insurance.

Such breaches of the individual liberties of taxpayers are unjust."

Your right to life imposes nothing on your would-be murderer, but it imposes something on a third party: the taxpayer, who must fund the police that will arrest your would-be murderer and thus protect your right to life.Likewise, if you don't want a crook to steal your property, you must either (a) defend your property by yourself, using your own money and abilities, or (b) force taxpayers to give money to support a police force and court system that will defend your property.If (b), then your rights place a positive obligation on other people.

[6]'	0	0.008763959631323814
2868	You just proved my point.	0	3.553411806933582E-5
2869	I am NOT enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes luxury of a highway because it is more of a parkway during rush hour traffic ;)Nor am I enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes police that take more than an hour to respond to anything.If it's socialised and paid-through-taxes it is more than likely sh*t.Have a nice day ;)

I am NOT enjoying the socialised and paid-through-taxes luxury of a highway because it is more of a parkway during rush hour traffic.	0	0.0026955173816531897
2871	Then stay at home and don't use it.

It is wrong to make more vulnerable people pay more for insurance The modus operandi of the insurance industry is that the vulnerable (people of higher risk of becoming ill) pay more for health insurance.

Should you have to earn being cared for when you randomly develop   cancer  ?No Should you have to earn being able to take your children to the doctor?NoYou can compare healthcare to a police force.

Public insurance would not kill the private insurance industry Probably the best evidence of this is found abroad in places such as France, where both public and private health insurance options exist in a hybrid system.

(This is exactly what's happened in education, people are fleeing public schools to private schools and home schools, and teachers unions have opposed those options too).

Without health care, the poor are more vulnerable and have a harder time achieving their goals.

That you work harder to buy more stuff?

not really, because all those people are under the thumb of those who make OTHERS work harder while they receive more compensation.

Public insurance is public-private hybrid, not socialized medicine Jacob S. Hacker, Ph.D. "The case for public plan choice in national health reform".

US has existing examples of public insurance, public-private hybrids.Tom Daschle.

There are public-private hybrids as well, like state employee health plans where the government assumes the risk and insurance companies are responsible for the management.

So, provide healthcare for all get them well and get rid of welfare to help balance the cost of healthcare. '

Government-mandated procedures would reduce doctor flexibility/quality "Should the Government Provide Free Universal Health Care for All Americans?"

Balanced Politics.org - "Government-mandated procedures will likely reduce doctor flexibility and lead to poor patient care.

Government can save more   money   by paying healthcare provider that encourage wellness and preventive care, than paying them for diagnostic test and procedures that are useless, painful and expensive.

They screen procedures, tests, medicines and services administered to the insured patients, and screen and pay insurance claims.

If we expand that policy to cover every doctor and every procedure we will have several negative results.

You'll quickly change your mind when you need to get a procedure done to save your life; which in turn and painfully ironic produces a stress induced aneurysm (the bad kind in which you die) due to being indebted for life."

Doctors, patients, everyone.Get rid of the unnecessary overhead, get insurance companies out of medicine.'

For example, Medicare Advantage plans are paid percent more than Medicare fee-for-service in 2009 for the average beneficiary, clear evidence that traditional Medicare has not always been favored (MedPAC 2009)."'

[3]'	0	0.24252289533615112
540	Medicare is a failure that should not be expanded into universal care'	1	0.8427060842514038
541	There are many ways to pay for any added costs of universal health care Some proposed means of dealing with these added costs include a cigarette tax and repealing tax cuts for the wealthy.'	0	0.010934011079370975
542	A payroll tax could help fund universal health care '	1	0.9828656315803528
543	Public insurance offers needed alternative to uninsured and struggling.	1	0.9459611773490906
544	Richard Kirsch, National Campaign Manager for Health Care for America Now!	1	0.9803053140640259
545	Three Reasons for the Choice of a Public Health Insurance Plan".

This is why you always have to fill out a lengthy health history whenever you go to a new physician."'

I think there are some small ways to fix all of these problems without going to UHC.

But altruism is really an anti-morality, which offers a person no moral guidance on how to achieve the values required for his survival and happiness, but rather simply declares that he is moral only to the extent that he gives up his values for the sake of others...any others.That is why altruism is always the justification for all forms of tyranny, including government-imposed "universal health care", which is merely a health care dictatorship in disguise.

I've always been in favor of some type of Socialized medicine in the country but I think with all the fighting going on at town halls and such it's hard to know what the bill's attributes are at this point.

While this won't rule out malpractice 100% there will always be the doctor who makes a mistake.

UHC always becomes expensive, restrictive and lacks innovation.

UHC always becomes expensive, restrictive and lacks innovation."

always doinf something to create a mess'

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

If such countries are  'deep left' in your view then it suggests that your views are very far to the right.2 "If we already spend a large amount of our gross domestic product on healthcare, then what difference would it make if we switched to a system which would require that we spend even more?"

More likely a result of some other lefty policy you detest."

Follow the link I left (it's the one that says source at the end of the quote) and you'll find the exact report with that exact line in it.Here it is again."

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

'It would be a huge mistake for the left to torpedo reform over this question.'

If a person is "rationed out" of the public health care service (perhaps because the treatment is not considered effective or cost effective enough to warrant intervention) they will be able seek alternative treatment in the private sector.

A recent study evaluating the California Health Service Plan (CHSP) has shown that a single government payer linked to public authority and accountability can effectively finance health care and significantly save on health care spending, while improving the health of the population This will make health care  affordable, cheaper and provide access for all."

Deal with it.Not only will it be ineffective, it'll be taking away our rights as a whole.

Canada residents will often go to the U.S. or offer additional money to get their health care needs taken care of."'

Will require additional travel to acquire medical services, especially specialty services?

The simple answers are:  Because our standards are high; Because in addition to the actual cost of the medical care administered to paying patients, added are the cost of lawyersxd5, courtsxd5 and insurance fees, government imposed   taxes  , FDA regulations adherence fees, illegal non-paying immigrant medical expenses, etc.

In addition, Ixd5d allow them to put their excess HSA savings in bonds and cds so that they earn a small amount of interest with virtually no chance of loss.

Plus, there are copays for the doctor and prescription.

Pretty sure the market's success depends upon human interaction anyway.

Medicare/Medicaid are not successes and models for public insurance'

Tyrants, "social justice" totalitarians, humanitarians with a "good cause" in one hand and the lever of a guillotine in the other, and all manner of politically-connected do-gooders have been riding the altruistic gravy train long enough.

If you are referring to insurance companies as the sellers than you may not understand the UHC bill.

Well I'm glad you have done so, what you get from unemployment is less that 50% of your total monthly income when you were employed and this is on top of not receiving insurance.

Life span and birth rates are just statistical gimmicks that are influenced by too many factors to be useful in this context.Universal health care does not mean the poorest and sickest will get medical treatment, at best it means that if they manage find a doctor and survive while waiting then someone else will pay for it....

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

First, patients often want an expensive diagnostic test.

Government can save more   money   by paying healthcare provider that encourage wellness and preventive care, than paying them for diagnostic test and procedures that are useless, painful and expensive.

With these choices in mind, it is better that health care information be held by the government than by less-regulated companies.

Will limit innovation in   health   information   technology  ?

For those that will contract illnesses or cancers regardless of any preventative measures they take, such high-end treatment is welcome. "

For instance - would it be equal if no one had access to MRI's?

The cost of university--whatever one you can get into, even Yale or Princeton.

Every European I have met scoffs and is incredulous that we have no universal healthcare and that we pay for university.

You hand over your money to a central planning bureaucracy, and in return you give up the right to make your own health care decisions. '

If a person chooses to contribute to society, they receive money in return.

Sure as hell better than Marx.	0	3.7062811770738335E-6
2137	At least her ideas didn't result in the deaths of over 100 million people.	1	0.9988094568252563
2138	http://www.monstersandcritics.com/news/usa/news/article_1316649.php  /BACKGROUND_100_million_deaths_under_communismI would highly recommend The Black book of Communism."

(pardon my french)Not my typical type of proof source but this backs up my side: http://healthcommentary.org/public/item/                                       206699?model=blogsite/HealthCommentary/moderated&style;=blogsite/HealthCommentary/hc God given rights is ridiculously an open topic.

It annoys me that what is considered the most powerful and free country in the world..And yes, it annoys me that citizens of a country that continually talks about freedom and liberty can't be bothered to give a few dollars out of their pay packet (though, they would be paying less, but we'll ignore that for now and assume that it would cost you a bit extra) to ensure that everyone, rich or poor, can get healthcare treatment when they need it.Healthcare reform that seeks to trample upon both liberty and freedom is the antithesis of the inalienable rights of Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness.

But do people who don't drive recklessly ask for money back when roads are damaged?

But you gladly give your money up for roads you do not travel on,   water   you do not drink, garbage that isn't yours, libraries you will never enter, etcetera etcetera etcetera.

Screwed completely.The government isn't going to go door to door and jack people's money, they're going to use taxes to pay for universal health care, if that's a problem then we might as well forget taxes completely so you can look at privately funded toll-roads absolutely everywhere(They already exist, but in small numbers), schools with little to no funding, and a fee for absolutely everything.I guess universal school care is also stealing money from one person and giving it to another, but nobody seems to care about that right?

I think healthcare for all is a worthwhile goal.

The more qualified people will want to get paid what they're worth.I would hope that people would be more likely to see a doctor for preventative care but I do not believe this will happen.

I want enough money to afford to donate to organizations I think are worthy and not corrupt.

You have pharma companies charging an arm and a leg for products that aren't worth the price.

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

And my senior elderly mom could afford her   diabetes   and   cancer   medicine without beeing stuck in a giant donut hole of greed.

But for all the scare tactics out there, whatxd5s truly scary xd1 truly risky xd1 is the prospect of doing nothing.

Also, charity health services would not have enough equipment and funds to treat expensive, life-threatening diseases like cancers.'

For example, governments, such as Canada, have outlawed medical care if the service is paid for by private individual funds.'

Universal health care risks monopsony: Universal health care systems, in an effort to control costs by gaining or enforcing monopsony power, sometimes outlaw medical care paid for by private, individual funds.'

/> We can eliminate wasteful inefficiencies such as duplicate paper work, claim approval, insurance submission, etc.

Costs of Medicare/Medicaid show wastefulness of public insurance.

Since I am a man of my word, I'll leave your comments to speak for themselves.

Perhaps the US will copy California....As for your comments comparing the   police   with   health   coverage, there is a difference between protection from others and protection from death by natural causes.

As for everything else in your comment, you've lost me.

The public plan would be subject to all sorts of political interventions and would be required to delay making changes in health plans until it had solicited extensive public comments.

(pardon my french)Not my typical type of proof source but this backs up my side: http://healthcommentary.org/public/item/                                       206699?model=blogsite/HealthCommentary/moderated&style;=blogsite/HealthCommentary/hc God given rights is ridiculously an open topic.

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

4. considering or dealing with overall characteristics, universal aspects, or important elements, esp.

The only aspects of anything medical that would make them consumers is BOTOX, cosmetic surgery, and the like.

This should add another 3-4% onto our economic growth a year.Along with my trade reforms we could have 10% economic growth year over year.

I'm interested to hear how you define "corrupted" in reference to government.

(All the following data comes from The World Health Report 2000)Country | % of World | US/% of World------------------------------------------------- United States 4.52 1Japan 1.90 2.4Germany 1.22 3.7France 0.97 4.7United Kingdom 0.92 4.9Now let's sort by overall healthcare performanceCountry | Performance | Cost Per Capita----------------------------------------------- France 1 4Japan 10 13United Kingdom 18 26Germany 25 3United States 37 1Since you were interested in cost let's sort by Performance / Cost Per Capita.

paper work) Medical professionals are often challenged with massive amounts of paperwork in private health care systems.

Creating a new administrative framework and patient database would be a massive under-taking.'

This is a highly disruptive act that would involve massive job loss.

Modern collectivism merely replaces a supernatural God as that power with some group called the "proletariat", "society", "the masses", the "master race", etc., to which the individual is subordinate, and which leads logically to totalitarianism.

First you start with a dishonest heading: "Single-Payer Systems Do Not Cost Less Than the U.S. Health Care System" Then you admit within the first couple of sentences that the title is nonsense.

Will require new Government protocols, regulation and mandates set up by bureaucrats, lacking medical credentials?

Insurance companies have per-state mandates on what services they must cover.

[...] Once everyone is required [by mandates] to buy insurance, the companies can have a field day raising prices and profits using the government to guarantee they are paid - either through subsidies or the imposition of fines.

So if you take the wrong legal drug you can go to the doctor and get help not thrown in jail to be raped and have you future life destroyed by our greedy out of control so called leader house/senate.

I have presented evidence that suggests that universal health schemes work out cheaper.

A recent study evaluating the California Health Service Plan (CHSP) has shown that a single government payer linked to public authority and accountability can effectively finance health care and significantly save on health care spending, while improving the health of the population This will make health care  affordable, cheaper and provide access for all."

Why can't we buy health insurance from another state if it is cheaper?Here is a great article that I suggest should everyone read.

I'd say Canada's healthcare is the envy of the world because you can have it for free or a cheap on from another country and stuff.

I personally think that it should be cheap rather than freely available.

One of the interesting things that popped out to me was the projected deficit increase in billions.

Socializing anything involves taking individual decisions and "socializing" any negative effects to the community instead of limiting it to the individual.'

If we expand that policy to cover every doctor and every procedure we will have several negative results.

It a pretty heavy website.

I think to solve the problem with growing medical fees in this nation, a change from private to universal healthcare will not promote economic security (in fact, health insurance companies are pretty big companies employing thousands of people across the country--would switching to universal healthcare put them out of jobs?).

I think we need to focus on the actual issue, which is health care in this country and not wander off in the direction of education, which while it is an issue that desperately needs to be addressed and has lasting effects perhaps even in regards to our health care system it doesn't mean that the system itself shouldn't be changed.'	0	0.0037833366077393293
3533	Although I do agree the Cost of the system and wages for the average citizen are the problems, I have to disagree with how to fix them.With many of the problems of our time, they come from either extremely lax regulation or no regulation at all.	0	0.014406290836632252
3534	This is an extremely sad statement on human nature.The another (unmentioned) part of Socialism is that society helps you when your in need.	1	0.9820653796195984
3535	Sure the Baby Boomers are going to be literally siphoning money out of the US tax payer, I know they are in Canada.	0	0.008654354140162468
3536	But what happens when you reach that age?	0	0.0028836436104029417
3537	Are you going to be able to pay medical costs?	1	0.8996909856796265
3538	Are you going to enjoy paying medical costs?It's a tit-for-tat situation.	1	0.9514070153236389
3539	Sure your covering the costs of others now, but someday others may be covering your costs.	1	0.9899452328681946
3540	And I'm pretty sure, unless your secretly Bill Gates, you, nor your family, have an infinite money source.

With UHC, the businesses out of pocket expenses and payroll costs would go down, making them more productive and remain competitive in global business.Why we will have more qualified   healthcare   providers?

And, by ensuring that individuals do not fall ill or victim to being uninsured, a public insurance option will ensure that individuals stay economically productive. '

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

And, by ensuring that individuals do not fall ill or victim to being uninsured, a public insurance option will ensure that individuals stay economically productive. '

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

If you make it to 18, we might have some jobs for you, thanks to your high school diploma.Cuba has better infant and maternal mortality rates than us, for Pete's sake.

So thanks for that.

paper work) Medical professionals are often challenged with massive amounts of paperwork in private health care systems.

Creating a new administrative framework and patient database would be a massive under-taking.'

This is a highly disruptive act that would involve massive job loss.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

Since I have 4 wisdom teeth, it will cost me about 1500 bucks in total.

I want enough money to afford to donate to organizations I think are worthy and not corrupt.

More qualified   healthcare   workers will be selected to provide the services and it will cut down on paperwork, that justify the expenses to insurance companies.

Why will more qualified healthcare workers be selected?

Of course if my wife gets laid off like a few dozen of her co-workers did last week, then I'm totally screwed.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

Many uninsured can easily afford it so should not receive sympathy A significant proportion of the uninsured can easily afford insurance.

This will attract consumers who require either more personal service, those who know or want a personal doctor, and those who want better quality of care than the public system provides."

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

The only aspects of anything medical that would make them consumers is BOTOX, cosmetic surgery, and the like.

The 'public option,' if it materializes, will be just that xd1 an option Americans can choose.

Health Care for Allxd1California'

Morris:xca And what's going to happen is the same thing that goes on in Canada.xca Because of the long wait for colonoscopies, the incidence of colon   cancer   in Canada is 25 percent higher than in the US.And because the two top drugs we use for chemotherapy for advanced stage colon cancer are not available in Canada because of costs, the death rate is 2 % higher.xca 41 percent of Canadians die of colon cancer compared to 32 in the US.O'Reilly:xca That is one of the most compelling things about your book, is that you deliver statistics that say Americans are a lot healthier than Canadians are in the vital disease categoryxd1heart disease, cancer, things like that.xcaMorris:xca Let's quantify it.xca 6 percent lower death rate from heart disease and a 16 percent lower death rate from cancer in the US.xca And Canada has more poor people.	0	9.736777865327895E-4
1483	There are two possibilities here.

Members of a civilized   society   recognize that all humans are vulnerable to diseasexd1this is something we have in commonxd1and so we willingly pooling our resources to protect each of us against the hazards of fate.'

June 27, 2009: "The largest existing public health programs xd1 Medicare and Medicaid xd1 are the main reason that the governmentxd5s long-term finances are in shambles.

But for all the scare tactics out there, whatxd5s truly scary xd1 truly risky xd1 is the prospect of doing nothing.

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

Be careful what you wish for, or you may kill us all off and have no one to run your cash registers and maintain your road medians.'

Be careful what you wish for!'

Your right to life imposes nothing on your would-be murderer, but it imposes something on a third party: the taxpayer, who must fund the police that will arrest your would-be murderer and thus protect your right to life.Likewise, if you don't want a crook to steal your property, you must either (a) defend your property by yourself, using your own money and abilities, or (b) force taxpayers to give money to support a police force and court system that will defend your property.If (b), then your rights place a positive obligation on other people.

Just in case you don't believe this, ask yourself this... if 51% of the public thought slavery was good, would you use that as an argument for a change in equal rights' laws?"

Below are some of the highlights of the BILL xd4xd4Americaxd5s Affordable Health Choices Act of 2009xd5xd5 which is self explanatory.

That's why people selfishly flee Cuba and come to the United States.

Boy, where to start with that one....  http://willtoexist.com/universal-health-care_1202  /'	1	0.6577747464179993
1791	Morality ends where a gun begins"- Ayn RandOn what basis does one call government-run "universal health care" "the moral thing to do"?It is only the morality of altruism...the creed that holds individual human sacrifice for a "higher" purpose as the standard of the good...that can sanction any proposal to force others to act against his own will, judgement, and self-interest.

to selfishly accept their stolen property.

Provided you're not a complete douche (which is the point of why it's not altruism to look out for your neighbor, but is actually done in self-interest).

Having it is a right if you provide it to yourself.

You are saying they are not the human equals of yourself.

Maybe I should.	1	0.979808509349823
2372	I could be DEAD wrong on this issue, I would like to know more about the plan you're elaborating on. '	1	0.9066171050071716
2373	If you're going to insult someone, at least take it upon yourself to spell the insult correctly:   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carnac_the_Magnificent  

And ensure yourself that my having these rights in no way imposes any action or duty or requirements on anyone else, the only thing "imposed" on them is that they not violate my rights.

Your right to life imposes nothing on your would-be murderer, but it imposes something on a third party: the taxpayer, who must fund the police that will arrest your would-be murderer and thus protect your right to life.Likewise, if you don't want a crook to steal your property, you must either (a) defend your property by yourself, using your own money and abilities, or (b) force taxpayers to give money to support a police force and court system that will defend your property.If (b), then your rights place a positive obligation on other people.

I don't have to actually read the primary sources myself because the fact is that I don't want to be tax at a higher rate, period.Here's how it should work.

I think we need to focus on the actual issue, which is health care in this country and not wander off in the direction of education, which while it is an issue that desperately needs to be addressed and has lasting effects perhaps even in regards to our health care system it doesn't mean that the system itself shouldn't be changed.'	0	0.0037833366077393293
3533	Although I do agree the Cost of the system and wages for the average citizen are the problems, I have to disagree with how to fix them.With many of the problems of our time, they come from either extremely lax regulation or no regulation at all.	0	0.014406290836632252
3534	This is an extremely sad statement on human nature.The another (unmentioned) part of Socialism is that society helps you when your in need.	1	0.9820653796195984
3535	Sure the Baby Boomers are going to be literally siphoning money out of the US tax payer, I know they are in Canada.	0	0.008654354140162468
3536	But what happens when you reach that age?	0	0.0028836436104029417
3537	Are you going to be able to pay medical costs?	1	0.8996909856796265
3538	Are you going to enjoy paying medical costs?It's a tit-for-tat situation.	1	0.9514070153236389
3539	Sure your covering the costs of others now, but someday others may be covering your costs.	1	0.9899452328681946
3540	And I'm pretty sure, unless your secretly Bill Gates, you, nor your family, have an infinite money source.

Take Sweden for example, where a person can walk into a hospital at any moment and get treated without the gratuitous amount of paperwork, or questions like, "Who's your insurance carrier?

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

I don't have a link for this, but if you doubt me please go to an ER and ask for a colonoscopy or a mammogram.The American Cancer Society found that (and this is sort of a duh thing)   cancer   kills more often if you don't have adequate health insurance.

The public plan would be subject to all sorts of political interventions and would be required to delay making changes in health plans until it had solicited extensive public comments.

(All the following data comes from The World Health Report 2000)Country | % of World | US/% of World------------------------------------------------- United States 4.52 1Japan 1.90 2.4Germany 1.22 3.7France 0.97 4.7United Kingdom 0.92 4.9Now let's sort by overall healthcare performanceCountry | Performance | Cost Per Capita----------------------------------------------- France 1 4Japan 10 13United Kingdom 18 26Germany 25 3United States 37 1Since you were interested in cost let's sort by Performance / Cost Per Capita.

Individuals and families earning less than these amounts will be eligible for subsidies paid directly to their insurer.xd3This is absolute crap.

Society is evil, as is socialism, as is anything that forces any one man to have to interact with others.

;)I do not say that I exist on my own, or that society is evil, those are your words, nor do I claim that I don't benefit from cooperating with others in society, so all your sarcasm against those positions is misdirected.

It is fallacious to assume that a universal health care system must be more expensive than the present arrangements in the USA.

Universal health care violates individual freedom and responsibility It is important that individuals be treated as free moral agents, accountable to their own actions, and not held accountable to the actions of others.

Universal health care holds some individuals accountable for the actions of others.    '

Public health care is good; it just receives more scrutiny/criticism Public health care systems receive more scrutiny by the public because they are publicly accountable.

If it is all Universal Healthcare paid by the Government, you will see a flood of   doctors   stop practicing, it will no longer be profitable and full of regulations.

I don't think military structured health care is an equitable comparison.

(a) In General- Subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part:`PART VIII--HEALTH CARE RELATED TAXES`subpart a. tax on individuals without acceptable health care coverage.`Subpart A--Tax on Individuals Without Acceptable Health Care Coverage`Sec.

Tax on individuals without acceptable health care coverage.`SEC.

The most notable and important difference is to whom the congress can apply these powers.

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

Universal health care violates individual freedom and responsibility It is important that individuals be treated as free moral agents, accountable to their own actions, and not held accountable to the actions of others.

Universal health care holds some individuals accountable for the actions of others.    '

Greed is the main motivator for both actions so do not listen to the lies see the movie and listen to the real people that have nothing to gain by lying about the system.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

Socialized medicine is a complete disaster all around the world, the more thorough the implementation the more disastarous the results.

An important part of the evidence takes the form of international comparisons.

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

It then becomes in their best interest to "take care of you" and they begin to say, you must take a 10 minute break every two hours, and you must arm stretches, or rest your eyes from looking at your computer monitor, or whatever it may be.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

This can and should be done, but it is unnecessary to inject into the equation a public insurer.'

A universal health plan means the entire health insurance industry would be unnecessary.

Doctors, patients, everyone.Get rid of the unnecessary overhead, get insurance companies out of medicine.'

If you are aware and read you know our so-called leaders senate/house lie to us and waste our money and vote with the corporations that pay them through PACs (political action committees) having said that here is my plan.

Contradictory to argue public option bad, insurers can't compete Critics of a public insurance option often argue simultaneously that a government-run insurance option is far worse, and less efficient than private insurance.

June 11, 2009: "Advocates say a government-run insurance program is needed to provide competition for private health insurance.

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

Our post offices used to be part of a great bureaucracy; now the local post office appears to be run as franchised businesses.

Be careful what you wish for, or you may kill us all off and have no one to run your cash registers and maintain your road medians.'

Boy, where to start with that one....  http://willtoexist.com/universal-health-care_1202  /'	1	0.6577747464179993
1791	Morality ends where a gun begins"- Ayn RandOn what basis does one call government-run "universal health care" "the moral thing to do"?It is only the morality of altruism...the creed that holds individual human sacrifice for a "higher" purpose as the standard of the good...that can sanction any proposal to force others to act against his own will, judgement, and self-interest.

Will universal health care be run like the US Postal Service, AMTRAK or our public school system?

It's true that some doctors and dentists will choose not to participate in a government-run plan.

You might look at the 22 to 35 percent of the cut the insurance companies take out of the costs.Medicare runs only a 4 to 6 percent overhead.My parents on Medicare, get better care than I do and I spend over 16,00 dollars per year on insurance.I favor nationalized health care.... or at least a single payer system.

Since I am a veteran, I have access to the VA, where I still receive government run health care, which is a benefit to me because it saves me a lot of money.

June 11, 2009: "Advocates say a government-run insurance program is needed to provide competition for private health insurance.

Universal health care will cut physician cash-flow and disrupt living-standards.

Universal health care would lower rewards so reduce quality of physicians With fewer financial incentives, fewer individuals would decide to become physicians in the first place.

This is why you always have to fill out a lengthy health history whenever you go to a new physician."'

Having patients involved financially in decision making  should help physicians with several discussions.

/> We can eliminate wasteful inefficiencies such as duplicate paper work, claim approval, insurance submission, etc.

There will be waiting lines, there will be rationing, there will be monumental incompetence and arrogant bureaucracy.

Public insurance is public-private hybrid, not socialized medicine Jacob S. Hacker, Ph.D. "The case for public plan choice in national health reform".

US has existing examples of public insurance, public-private hybrids.Tom Daschle.

There are public-private hybrids as well, like state employee health plans where the government assumes the risk and insurance companies are responsible for the management.

Efforts to create a public-private insurance hybrid are in good faith.

Under the QAPI program, the Secretary shall establish standards relating to such facilities and provide technical assistance to such facilities on the development of best practices in order to meet such standards with quality assessment and assurance activities conducted under clause RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE INDEPENDENT MONITORAn independent monitor (1) conduct periodic reviews and prepare root- cause quality and deficiency analyses if facilities are in compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (2) undertake sustained oversight of the facilities to involve the owners of the chain and the principal business owners in facilitating compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (3) analyze the management structure, distribution of expenditures, and nurse staffing levels of facilities in relation to resident census, staff turnover rates, and tenure.

So you also hold the view that the most powerful weapon corrupt corporations have is government regulation, bailouts, etc.	0	0.0017723797354847193
1755	At least we can agree on something.	0	2.889197494369E-4
1756	Christ on a stick, government was SOLD a very long time ago.

It annoys me that what is considered the most powerful and free country in the world still does things that defy belief.

It annoys me that what is considered the most powerful and free country in the world..And yes, it annoys me that citizens of a country that continually talks about freedom and liberty can't be bothered to give a few dollars out of their pay packet (though, they would be paying less, but we'll ignore that for now and assume that it would cost you a bit extra) to ensure that everyone, rich or poor, can get healthcare treatment when they need it.Healthcare reform that seeks to trample upon both liberty and freedom is the antithesis of the inalienable rights of Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness.

I'll explain this concept below, because I think there might be confusion about it.What single payer means is, you pick your doctor.

Will individuals get to choose to pay or not to pay?Everyone keeps saying it's like medicare but I hate the concept of medicare...'

Free universal health care motivates people to seek preventive care Preventing illnesses before they arise is a very important strategy in public health.

For those that will contract illnesses or cancers regardless of any preventative measures they take, such high-end treatment is welcome. "

It will have a mandate to provide health care, from preventive care through care for serious and chronic illnesses.

Will require new Government protocols, regulation and mandates set up by bureaucrats, lacking medical credentials?

Boy, where to start with that one....  http://willtoexist.com/universal-health-care_1202  /'	1	0.6577747464179993
1791	Morality ends where a gun begins"- Ayn RandOn what basis does one call government-run "universal health care" "the moral thing to do"?It is only the morality of altruism...the creed that holds individual human sacrifice for a "higher" purpose as the standard of the good...that can sanction any proposal to force others to act against his own will, judgement, and self-interest.

Universal healthcare helps foster greater equality across classes.

Universal health care systems suffer from inequality of care Some studies have found that universal health care systems are vulnerable to socio-economic inequalities in the care provided. '

But the millions of Americans who are tired of increasing costs and decreasing benefits should have the chance to opt into a program that will offer affordable, quality care, says Health Care for America Now's Richard Kirsch."'

June 11, 2009: "Advocates say a government-run insurance program is needed to provide competition for private health insurance.

But the millions of Americans who are tired of increasing costs and decreasing benefits should have the chance to opt into a program that will offer affordable, quality care, says Health Care for America Now's Richard Kirsch."'

Let the uninsured die  You are saying this with sarcasm so you think the uninsured shouldn't die?

It then becomes in their best interest to "take care of you" and they begin to say, you must take a 10 minute break every two hours, and you must arm stretches, or rest your eyes from looking at your computer monitor, or whatever it may be.

Morris:xca And what's going to happen is the same thing that goes on in Canada.xca Because of the long wait for colonoscopies, the incidence of colon   cancer   in Canada is 25 percent higher than in the US.And because the two top drugs we use for chemotherapy for advanced stage colon cancer are not available in Canada because of costs, the death rate is 2 % higher.xca 41 percent of Canadians die of colon cancer compared to 32 in the US.O'Reilly:xca That is one of the most compelling things about your book, is that you deliver statistics that say Americans are a lot healthier than Canadians are in the vital disease categoryxd1heart disease, cancer, things like that.xcaMorris:xca Let's quantify it.xca 6 percent lower death rate from heart disease and a 16 percent lower death rate from cancer in the US.xca And Canada has more poor people.	0	9.736777865327895E-4
1483	There are two possibilities here.

Will individuals get to choose to pay or not to pay?Everyone keeps saying it's like medicare but I hate the concept of medicare...'

;)I do not say that I exist on my own, or that society is evil, those are your words, nor do I claim that I don't benefit from cooperating with others in society, so all your sarcasm against those positions is misdirected.

Therefore, since you obviously lean toward socialism in your opinions, the fact that you say you love capitalism is completely hypocritical.

If you're going to sit there and say that you think a child does not deserve   health care   because his parents work at Burger King and Walmart, you are disgustingly wrong.

You are saying they are not the human equals of yourself.

Do US citizens get far superior healthcare to say French, Canadian or English citizens?

I certainly wouldn't say that "more government funding will fix the problem."

They are going to take money away from Medicare:Ignoring that Medicare is a government program and the naysayers should be all for taking money away from medicare - if they were basing their arguements on principle at least - this is not true either.

medical decisions are made by health professionals (doctors, nurses, chiropractors, etc) and the individual, and insurance companies no longer have any say in the care of a patient7.

I'd say Canada's healthcare is the envy of the world because you can have it for free or a cheap on from another country and stuff.

Follow the link I left (it's the one that says source at the end of the quote) and you'll find the exact report with that exact line in it.Here it is again."

All I'm saying is that the government should not give handouts.

June 11, 2009: "Advocates say a government-run insurance program is needed to provide competition for private health insurance.

But if what they say about it is wrong then we will go deeper into debt and a bigger recession.

Do you want to be FORCED to get something done just cause the government papers says you should.

As a patron of our local doc in the box, I can say that the care in these centers is fantastic.

June 24, 2009: "[the critics say] the public plan starts off with an unfair advantage because it's likely to have lower administrative costs.

I'm no authority but I've seen enough to say universal is the way this country will go and should go.

(hence why i say them) But nice usage of my little ass umption ;) As to your second point.

Let me say this.

Yes after an initial payment of lets say a pound or two per visit.'

I say this because the people in the poverty line can not afford health care.

And all the Sociologists are saying, "spread the wealth."

Maybe I should.	1	0.979808509349823
2372	I could be DEAD wrong on this issue, I would like to know more about the plan you're elaborating on. '	1	0.9066171050071716
2373	If you're going to insult someone, at least take it upon yourself to spell the insult correctly:   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carnac_the_Magnificent  

Reducing profit, reduces motive and the money necessary to get a drug through FDA trials.

It takes out the motive to keep spending down.

The more qualified people will want to get paid what they're worth.I would hope that people would be more likely to see a doctor for preventative care but I do not believe this will happen.

AKA capitalism benefits the majority of people (and that's the best we can hope for)."

This is the change we all hoped for."

If you donxd5t like a company's "benefit" policy, then again, you are free to move on.

As a Christian, I am all for charity and think the church needs to step up to that far better than it has done so, but forced payment on my part removes that possibility.

And because its immoral it is impractical, as any attempt at socialized medicine around the globe has shown.

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

Nearly two-thirds of these uninsured adults do not have access to medical care, thus increasing health and   health care   disparities, as well as health care costs.

Your right to life imposes nothing on your would-be murderer, but it imposes something on a third party: the taxpayer, who must fund the police that will arrest your would-be murderer and thus protect your right to life.Likewise, if you don't want a crook to steal your property, you must either (a) defend your property by yourself, using your own money and abilities, or (b) force taxpayers to give money to support a police force and court system that will defend your property.If (b), then your rights place a positive obligation on other people.

Combined, this needless administration consumes one-third (31 percent) of Americansxd5 health dollars.

Similarly, innovations in coordinating care for elders with chronic illness in private plans have provided a useful foundation for care-coordination demonstrations in the public Medicare plan."'

Small businesses can survive for they do not need to pay expensive medical insurance, & can hire more people, more income   taxes  , more buyer of goods, thus, envigorating the economy'

I am a little confused with your point on the single buyer and competition.

Call is socialised medicine if you will, but the universal health schemes of Canada, Great Britain and Australia cost less.... Think maybe if a nation has a lower population then they will naturally be inclined to spend less on healthcare overall?

Perhaps the US will copy California....As for your comments comparing the   police   with   health   coverage, there is a difference between protection from others and protection from death by natural causes.

Modern collectivism merely replaces a supernatural God as that power with some group called the "proletariat", "society", "the masses", the "master race", etc., to which the individual is subordinate, and which leads logically to totalitarianism.

Perhaps the US will copy California....As for your comments comparing the   police   with   health   coverage, there is a difference between protection from others and protection from death by natural causes.

Looking out for your neighbor means that he will look out for you... and if he doesn't, the guy on the other side will.

Provided you're not a complete douche (which is the point of why it's not altruism to look out for your neighbor, but is actually done in self-interest).

Urban Institute: "The arguments around the public plan too often ignore what we believe is the central reason for including a public plan as a component of reform: that health insurance markets today, by and large, are simply not competitive.

Just in case you don't believe this, ask yourself this... if 51% of the public thought slavery was good, would you use that as an argument for a change in equal rights' laws?"

If private insurers believe their product is superior, they should not be worried about a public option."

Many uninsured are lazy free-loaders who don't deserve care Many uninsured are simply lazy, and believe they can get a free ride off of the system.

The same applies to health care. '

2009 Statement by the American Nurses Association: "A public health insurance plan would expand choices and help protect against potential economic calamity for individuals or families who are not satisfied with their current health coverage, have difficulty paying for their health care, or cannot find affordable coverage.

Apples and oranges.	0	0.0010196364019066095
716	Law enforcement, military, and prisons are constitutional, health care is not.	1	0.9032015204429626
717	For decades free market health care delivery worked just fine.	0	0.32160842418670654
718	When I was a lad of 7 (42 years ago), my mother and father took me to a local doctor, where they paid $5 for the visit, and at the time of the visit.	0	4.775709385285154E-5
719	There was no billing, either to my parents or to a third party.	0	1.6171072275028564E-5
720	He had a nurse who worked for him, who also doubled as a receptionist.Today's doctor's office is filled with extra billing people, filing people, etc., just to fulfill the insurance requirements for billing for services.	0	0.004979211837053299
721	42 years ago, $5 equates to about $20-30, which is about the cost of co-pay.	0	4.930805880576372E-5
722	Yet, insurance companies pay hundreds more for that office visit.	1	0.7390775084495544
723	Therein lies the problem.It's quite simple, really.	0	3.286842256784439E-4
724	Government has mandated too damn much.	0	0.001920463633723557
725	It has run up the cost of the health insurance.	1	0.628799319267273
726	What do I need maternity coverage for?	1	0.803814172744751
727	My wife is 50 years old, and I am 49.	0	6.692968599963933E-5
728	We aren't going to have a baby any time soon.	0	2.9101141990395263E-5
729	I also don't have any mental health issues, or substance abuse issues.	0	0.025269869714975357
730	Neither does my wife.	0	2.0011304877698421E-4
731	Why do we need Mental Health parity?The free market would allow consumers (that's us, John) to select the coverage they desire or need, if any.	1	0.9960685968399048
732	We could bargain with companies to get the best coverage for the best price.	0	3.1114101875573397E-4
733	Consumer Reports could tell us which insurance companies would do that.	0	0.037193313241004944
734	Then we, the consumer, could decide which company to buy from, and what coverage we need (cafeteria style ring a bell?	0	0.0054019480012357235
735	), if any.	0	0.26843416690826416
736	That's the beauty of the free market, it gives us freedom to choose what's best for ourselves and our family.	0	1.1430778613430448E-5
737	Government cannot do that.	0	0.0017923385603353381
738	They do not have the omnipresence, or omniscience to do so.	0	9.77698597125709E-4
739	Mr. Obama has never met me, and has no idea what my family needs.	0	3.352695784997195E-4
740	Neither do you John.	0	0.015326202847063541
741	So, I thank you to mind your own business, keep your hand out of my loved one's pockets, and pay for your own damn insurance.He continued:Just stop thinking about money for a minute and think about what we are doing!

If you are aware and read you know our so-called leaders senate/house lie to us and waste our money and vote with the corporations that pay them through PACs (political action committees) having said that here is my plan.

To believe in my plan you should first watch the documentary SICKO by Roger Moore.

Greed is the main motivator for both actions so do not listen to the lies see the movie and listen to the real people that have nothing to gain by lying about the system.

So I would like to see universal health coverage for true primary care, as I believe that investing upstream would decrease costs downstream.We already have de facto hospitalization, so we obviously should encourage formal coverage for hospitalization.How can we afford such a plan?

However, the rest of your argument I believe is false.UHC would not benefit the majority of people.

The more qualified people will want to get paid what they're worth.I would hope that people would be more likely to see a doctor for preventative care but I do not believe this will happen.

As I explicitly pointed out earlier, money is a symbol.

But in our judgment, if that many Americans were to decide that such a plan is a better deal for them and their families, that would be a good thing.

Why do you believe a company out to make a buck is more likely to take better care of you than the government?

It is equally absurd to believe that all 50 million of these people living in the United States can be helped by "charity work."

It's a lie aimed at a specific group of people to get them riled against the bill.3.

I would a whole lot rather my hard earned money go towards paying the health bills of smokers and fatties than illegal aliens that don't pay one red cent, for any dime they make, towards taxes.

Individuals and families earning less than these amounts will be eligible for subsidies paid directly to their insurer.xd3This is absolute crap.

It annoys me that what is considered the most powerful and free country in the world still does things that defy belief.

It annoys me that what is considered the most powerful and free country in the world..And yes, it annoys me that citizens of a country that continually talks about freedom and liberty can't be bothered to give a few dollars out of their pay packet (though, they would be paying less, but we'll ignore that for now and assume that it would cost you a bit extra) to ensure that everyone, rich or poor, can get healthcare treatment when they need it.Healthcare reform that seeks to trample upon both liberty and freedom is the antithesis of the inalienable rights of Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness.

Healthcare reform that seeks to trample upon both liberty and freedom is the antithesis of the inalienable rights of Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness.HR 3962http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/F?c111:1:./temp/~c11192ilau:e365529: Subpart A--Individual ResponsibilitySEC.

I have repeatedly stated that I am for gay marriage but that I did not believe that the current approach the gay community was taking was going to succeed.

Most people believe that the Constitution does in fact give the government the right to impose social programs.

They derive this belief from two separate, but similar clauses.

/>   /> He said, "You don't get it...it was EMERGENCY surgery..."  />   /> "No sh!t, " I replied.

We all voted for change we can believe in.

No universal health care causes "job lock" "The Case for Universal Health Care".

Perhaps the US will copy California....As for your comments comparing the   police   with   health   coverage, there is a difference between protection from others and protection from death by natural causes.

As a patron of our local doc in the box, I can say that the care in these centers is fantastic.

You are putting together wild speculations combined with fantastical day dreams and calling it a guarantee.

/>   /> The Doctors are well-paid, well-educated and generally fantastic.

Such a plan will only work if the patient has appropriate responsibility for health care costs.

Second, this strategy would encourage patients to use appropriate generic drugs.

Balanced Politics.org - "We can develop a centralized national database which makes diagnosis and treatment easier for doctors.

Just as Americans donxd5t turn people away from hospital emergency rooms, Americans donxd5t leave people behind when it comes to health care insurance."'

Universal health care systems suffer from inequality of care Some studies have found that universal health care systems are vulnerable to socio-economic inequalities in the care provided. '

Let the uninsured die  You are saying this with sarcasm so you think the uninsured shouldn't die?

which include dietary choices,Where is your evidence that Americans make different dietary choices to Canadians, Australians and the British?

http://select.nytimes.com/2007/05/21/opinion/21kristof.html?scp=5&sq=kristof  +infant+mortality+rate&st=nyt18,000 Americans die every year because of a lack of   health   coverage.

Morris:xca And what's going to happen is the same thing that goes on in Canada.xca Because of the long wait for colonoscopies, the incidence of colon   cancer   in Canada is 25 percent higher than in the US.And because the two top drugs we use for chemotherapy for advanced stage colon cancer are not available in Canada because of costs, the death rate is 2 % higher.xca 41 percent of Canadians die of colon cancer compared to 32 in the US.O'Reilly:xca That is one of the most compelling things about your book, is that you deliver statistics that say Americans are a lot healthier than Canadians are in the vital disease categoryxd1heart disease, cancer, things like that.xcaMorris:xca Let's quantify it.xca 6 percent lower death rate from heart disease and a 16 percent lower death rate from cancer in the US.xca And Canada has more poor people.	0	9.736777865327895E-4
1483	There are two possibilities here.

This is not an issue of whether or not we let people die.

Individuals and families earning less than these amounts will be eligible for subsidies paid directly to their insurer.xd3This is absolute crap.

Yet a range of studies demonstrate that public insurance is able to provide a given level of benefits for less than they would cost through private insurance.

Why we donxd5t need itMost people have this idea that if they donxd5t have health insurance that pays for everything that is even remotely health related that they will go bankrupt and die.

You'll quickly change your mind when you need to get a procedure done to save your life; which in turn and painfully ironic produces a stress induced aneurysm (the bad kind in which you die) due to being indebted for life."

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

[...] Once everyone is required [by mandates] to buy insurance, the companies can have a field day raising prices and profits using the government to guarantee they are paid - either through subsidies or the imposition of fines.

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

There's bipartisan support for subsidies and health exchanges to assure portable, affordable coverage.

there was never a questino regarding abortion or welfare or 'universal healthcare'i just would remind all Americans that " He who can regulate a thing, controls that thing".

Price controls never work.

Universal healthcare really means universal enslavement, everybody is forced to provide for the needs of everyone else.

June 6, 2009: "The ONLY reason there is consideration of continuing the failed, greedy, destructive corporate insurance system is because the few who get rich off of it are paying off politicians to keep things they way they are.

The Institute for America's Future: "over the last generation, public insurance has pioneered new payment and quality-improvement methods that have frequently set the standard for private plans.

Universal health care would lower rewards so reduce quality of physicians With fewer financial incentives, fewer individuals would decide to become physicians in the first place.

Universal health care, therefore, could be expected to see fewer innovations and medical advancements.  '

Universal health care, therefore, could be expected to see fewer innovations and medical advancements.  '

Similarly, innovations in coordinating care for elders with chronic illness in private plans have provided a useful foundation for care-coordination demonstrations in the public Medicare plan."'

Universal health care, therefore, could be expected to see fewer innovations and medical advancements.  '

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

High taxes create less jobs and innovations.

These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.tThe fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.tThe number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.tCost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart diseasexc9)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.tChronic Disease 2.tCatastrophic Care3.tEnd of Life Care4.tPediatric Care5.tEnd of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.tThe invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.tHealth Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.tHome Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.tPersonalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.tQuality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution'

Under the QAPI program, the Secretary shall establish standards relating to such facilities and provide technical assistance to such facilities on the development of best practices in order to meet such standards with quality assessment and assurance activities conducted under clause RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE INDEPENDENT MONITORAn independent monitor (1) conduct periodic reviews and prepare root- cause quality and deficiency analyses if facilities are in compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (2) undertake sustained oversight of the facilities to involve the owners of the chain and the principal business owners in facilitating compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (3) analyze the management structure, distribution of expenditures, and nurse staffing levels of facilities in relation to resident census, staff turnover rates, and tenure.

There are public-private hybrids as well, like state employee health plans where the government assumes the risk and insurance companies are responsible for the management.

Canada residents will often go to the U.S. or offer additional money to get their health care needs taken care of."'

Will require additional travel to acquire medical services, especially specialty services?

I have repeatedly stated that I am for gay marriage but that I did not believe that the current approach the gay community was taking was going to succeed.

Government-funded universal health care would violate patient privacy - Sue Blevins.

Government-control of databases better protect privacy than companies.

Health care databases threaten to violate the privacy of patients.'

The main premises here is that "rights" should only protect individuals from harm from others and allow them certain freedoms, but a right to universal health care entails individuals burdening other members of society (possibly violating the liberties of innocents) for things that are perceived as needed or desirable.

The flawed premise behind "universal health care" is regarding health care as a "right".

This is the totalitarian premise, the ultimate logical consequence of which is Soviet Russia and Nazi Germany.

These treatments can be a part of prevention or early treatment, and can have better results than what exists in universal health care systems. '

But even if a public option available to all takes the highly improbable step of paying at some midpoint between private and Medicare rates, nearly 68 million people will still be crowded out of private insurance."'

Nearly two-thirds of these uninsured adults do not have access to medical care, thus increasing health and   health care   disparities, as well as health care costs.

Nearly 100 providers deliver the drug benefit, competing on better benefits, more choices, and lower prices.

If you have a segment of the population getting nearly free product (health care int his case) and the rest paying for the product....guess what happens?

/> Free medical services would encourage patients to practice preventive medicine and inquire about problems early when treatment will be light; currently, patients often avoid physicals and other preventive measures because of the costs"

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

Securing a "right" to universal health means impeding on other rights Providing universal health care means increasing costs to certain taxpayers.

They choose not to get it for reasons other than their means (i.e., their laziness). '

Single-payer systems insure individuals, but don't restrict doctors A universal health care system does not mean that the private market should be abolished.

This means that a single-payer health care system would not see a major reduction in funding for medical innovation.

A universal health plan means the entire health insurance industry would be unnecessary.

However, any costs not covered by insurance must be absorbed by all the rest of us, which means even higher premiums."'

[3]'	0	0.24252289533615112
540	Medicare is a failure that should not be expanded into universal care'	1	0.8427060842514038
541	There are many ways to pay for any added costs of universal health care Some proposed means of dealing with these added costs include a cigarette tax and repealing tax cuts for the wealthy.'	0	0.010934011079370975
542	A payroll tax could help fund universal health care '	1	0.9828656315803528
543	Public insurance offers needed alternative to uninsured and struggling.	1	0.9459611773490906
544	Richard Kirsch, National Campaign Manager for Health Care for America Now!	1	0.9803053140640259
545	Three Reasons for the Choice of a Public Health Insurance Plan".

Life span and birth rates are just statistical gimmicks that are influenced by too many factors to be useful in this context.Universal health care does not mean the poorest and sickest will get medical treatment, at best it means that if they manage find a doctor and survive while waiting then someone else will pay for it....

You see, when you are free, you control your life...which means you are not at anyonexd5s mercy.

I'll explain this concept below, because I think there might be confusion about it.What single payer means is, you pick your doctor.

Universal healthcare really means universal enslavement, everybody is forced to provide for the needs of everyone else.

Under socialism there are no individuals, only meaningless cogs whose obligation is to serve the collective as prescribed by the omnipotent state.  "

That banner belongs only to people who renounce the initiation of physical force, and turn instead to respecting and protecting individual rights...everyone's rights equally and at all times.And that means, in the field of medicine, pursuing the moral goal of phasing out the current crumbling government-hampered system, and establishing a completely free market.Now that would be the moral thing to do.'

Looking out for your neighbor means that he will look out for you... and if he doesn't, the guy on the other side will.

You know exactly what I meant...  but kudos again for being an ass about it.

The right to life means nobody else can   murder   you.

That means we already spend more per person than France, Canada or the UK does... in fact, only Germany and Iceland spend more per person than the United States when it comes to public funding.

This doesn't mean they are making health care less costly -- they are just reducing how many of the costs they are willing to pay for.If you stop driving your car and instead walk to work then you are not making gas cost less you're only reducing how much you spend paying for it."

That means health care spending is a political decision, not a medical one.

Universal doesn't have to mean single option.

America has more malpractice suits than any other country, which means that our doctors need to be heavily insured.

I think we need to focus on the actual issue, which is health care in this country and not wander off in the direction of education, which while it is an issue that desperately needs to be addressed and has lasting effects perhaps even in regards to our health care system it doesn't mean that the system itself shouldn't be changed.'	0	0.0037833366077393293
3533	Although I do agree the Cost of the system and wages for the average citizen are the problems, I have to disagree with how to fix them.With many of the problems of our time, they come from either extremely lax regulation or no regulation at all.	0	0.014406290836632252
3534	This is an extremely sad statement on human nature.The another (unmentioned) part of Socialism is that society helps you when your in need.	1	0.9820653796195984
3535	Sure the Baby Boomers are going to be literally siphoning money out of the US tax payer, I know they are in Canada.	0	0.008654354140162468
3536	But what happens when you reach that age?	0	0.0028836436104029417
3537	Are you going to be able to pay medical costs?	1	0.8996909856796265
3538	Are you going to enjoy paying medical costs?It's a tit-for-tat situation.	1	0.9514070153236389
3539	Sure your covering the costs of others now, but someday others may be covering your costs.	1	0.9899452328681946
3540	And I'm pretty sure, unless your secretly Bill Gates, you, nor your family, have an infinite money source.

I said everywhere, that means you could have picked any country any where and made the case that this country is the reason we need UHC.

due to being indebted for life.	0	4.5466789742931724E-4
3765	What do you mean?'

I mean when you don't have insurance and you have to go to the hospital for any type of surgery or more than a "doctor visitation" the cost really hurts those who do not have a lot of money.

Universal health care doesn't have to mean giving up the benefits of capitalism.

[8] Indeed, health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy, which severely damages an individuals ability to engage productively in the economy.	1	0.9411002397537231
4063	A public plan will nearly eliminate bankruptcies resulting from being uninsured, subsequently freeing individuals to productively add value in the economy.'	0	4.2838542140088975E-4
4064	Healthcare should not be free.	0	0.17472998797893524
4065	If you can't afford healthcare, that's tough, then you should get a job that means you can afford it.	1	0.9144597053527832
4066	Well, what about the poor, the unemployed I hear you whine, well they should get a job, shouldn't they, then they can get health care too.	1	0.8920186161994934
4067	/>   /> Free health care drives down standards and drains the government's resources and therefore the country's resources.	0	3.8788121310062706E-4
4068	What about old people?	1	0.8655177354812622
4069	Well, if they had paid into a private health care scheme all their lives, then they should be allowed health care when they retire.	0	6.48671411909163E-4
4070	I don't understand why we don't have affordable life long health care schemes as standard.	0	0.03128543123602867
4071	/>   /> Where would you rather be treated?	0	0.10484030097723007
4072	Quickly by expert doctors who are paid really well and don't work all the hours that God sends, or would you prefer to be left on a trolley in a corridor for hours waiting until someone remembers where you are and comes to see if you haven't died yet.	0	0.08581648766994476
4073	/>   /> Private health care means REAL care.	1	0.9910009503364563
4074	It means short waiting times for essential treatment and it mean being made to feel cared for when you are there.	0	3.491710522212088E-4
4075	Why should people expect something for nothing.	0	0.09033896774053574
4076	Well what about National Insurance?	1	0.9797897338867188
4077	Surely you pay that.	1	0.7898867726325989
4078	Yes, that's your pension and your health care all in one.	0	0.017319075763225555
4079	But the pittance that most people pay is ridiculously low.	0	0.007877955213189125
4080	If employers offered health care as a benefit, people would really care about keeping their jobs and we wouldn't have a nation of  disaffected people, working in miles and miles of factory-call centres across the globe.	0	0.31233763694763184
4081	/>   /> No, I do not agree, I do not think that health care should be free, I think we should pay for it, to require a high standard and we can get treatment when we need it, not when someone can be squeezed into an already bursting schedule to be seen by tired doctors who are looking forward to private practice and six figure salaries at some point in the future as a GP.

Morris:xca And what's going to happen is the same thing that goes on in Canada.xca Because of the long wait for colonoscopies, the incidence of colon   cancer   in Canada is 25 percent higher than in the US.And because the two top drugs we use for chemotherapy for advanced stage colon cancer are not available in Canada because of costs, the death rate is 2 % higher.xca 41 percent of Canadians die of colon cancer compared to 32 in the US.O'Reilly:xca That is one of the most compelling things about your book, is that you deliver statistics that say Americans are a lot healthier than Canadians are in the vital disease categoryxd1heart disease, cancer, things like that.xcaMorris:xca Let's quantify it.xca 6 percent lower death rate from heart disease and a 16 percent lower death rate from cancer in the US.xca And Canada has more poor people.	0	9.736777865327895E-4
1483	There are two possibilities here.

