The only solution was, either to plug the USB cable, or wait until the device can be accessed - meaning at least one hour.Well, as a gift for my doughter, Nook Touch is perfect, small, light and stylish.

Yet at Band N if you walk in, the same Nook is priced at $79 and you get a $20 gift card if you buy one .

Similarly, if anyone found your child's Nook, they too could purchase anything using your credit card information.I tried get creative and purchased a gift card for my child but although this can create a credit on the child's account, B&N; still requires a credit card to be on-file in order to 'unlock' the book.

I suppose if the device is owned by an adult this model would work, however if you are contemplating this as a gift for your child, I'd avoid any device related to B&N; altogether.I give them 2 starts for the hardware only but otherwise the device, in this case, is useless.

I fully recommend this e-book for gift or personal

You have to download everything onto your PC and transfer via the cable included.

There is no folder view for displaying the books you put on it, you are constrained to a library view that tries to sort everything for you.

It was just what I wanted, without all of the extra apps and everything else that distracts you from reading.

After that you can buy books with your credit card if everything works perfect which it never does.

Rooting also drastically reduces battery life dropping it from approximately 1 month battery life to 3 days or so with the standard android install but this can be brought back up to 1-2 weeks battery life by modifying a few of the system files.

Buy a smartphone so you're conditioned to charge things more regularly :P- The rubber on the device is great for grippiness in your hand (and it won't go sliding from anywhere you put it unless a 8.0 earthquake hits), but it tends to attract dust and grime, and the type of rubber makes it *incredibly* hard to clean except with some kind of wet nap.Overall, it's the original nook, in a smaller package, with better battery life, a touchscreen, and a cleaner interface.

So that is really the only problem I have with this.Other than that, if you just want something simple --like the products suggest - you will love this little device.

If you're looking for something simple without bells and whistles and are a true book lover, you will love this nook.

The Nook makes it easy to chose a font style, a font size, single spacing or double spacing...you can customize the appearance of the text to your needs.It is easy to read the Nook indoors with any decent room lighting, and easy to read outdoors in the shade.

Because I can increase font size and use double-spacing on the Nook, it is much easier to read on the Nook than in the paperback book.

Ironic, considering the Nook is their direct competitor.One thing to take into consideration is that the page numbers are synced with the actual pages of the ebook, regardless of font size or line spacing, so you can turn through page 85 two or three times before getting to page 86.

The advertised size of the nook is 2gb, which is a ton of books, but it wasn't enough room for the books I've acquired through other sources- like google book downloads.

TEXTBOOK USER beware though that charts and tables are at a fixed size and cannot be enlarged.Overall very happy and most of all I love not looking at a backlit screen for enjoyment.

You can change text size to make any book a large-print book, and buying books through Wi-Fi is a snap.

On kindle reader you can change size of letters e book only if you bought them on Kindel store.

)Menu / keyboard items are not scalableNo parental filters / controlsNo on board method to manage files or memory usageThe small screen size decreases reading continuity at larger text sizes; no ability to view text in LandscapeApparently, Amazon really prefers you buy the Kindle, observing they are offering the NOOK for $40 more than for the price it is offered at Barnes and Noble.Summary:I own a Kindle and a NOOK Touch.

It's actually like a book, you have a digital paper in your hands.Excellent to read, you could change the font's size, the page's margins.Too, your nook is a ecological solution, because you only have to charge it as twice to month

compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!

Learning point: never order something online in the "My Nook - My Library" and expect to actually read it.I also do not like the way that newspapers and magazines are presented.

In contrast, my color e-reader requires charging each day.Magazines look MUCH better on my color e-reader, but magazine text is very readable on the Nook.

look crude compared with a color e-reader.I have several books in paperback at home that I also have on the Nook.

My aging eyes feel much better after a couple hours with the Nook than after a couple hours straining to read the "fine print" that is typical of lower priced paperback books.If you want an e-reader primarily for magazines, you probably should buy the Nook Color or a small color tablet.

I would assume most people buying an e-reader would want to take theirs with them outside of the house.

If only this device had the Kindle store on it...Bottom line: When you buy an e-reader, you're also buying into the manufacturer's entire ecosystem.

With the Nook, you're buying material from a reputable but inconsistent company whose mettle has yet to be tested in the e-reader space.Two word recommendation: Research selection (before purchase)I hope I've helped.

Nook offers SIX Professional & Distinct Fonts: Caecilia, Malabar, Amasis, Gill Sans, Helvetica, & Trebuchet -- 3 are Serif -- 3 Sans Serif, they are all excellent choices for e-readers, & 3 of the fonts are exceptionally legible.

I would highly recommend this item to anyone just wanting an e-reader it's great!!

If nook make a large screen e-ink e-reader, may be 9 inch or A4.

I'd recommend this to anyone like myself who doesn't do a ton of reading, but still wants a simple e-reader.

)I have never in my life written a review for a product- good or bad (even though I do a large amount of shopping online), but my experience with my Nook Touch has upset me greatly, and I would like to warn others shopping for an e-reader to consider my experience beforehand so that they make a well informed decision.

POINT:  NOOK.2) Nook Simple touch is smaller and lighter than the equivalent Kindle e-reader.

I needed a simple e-reader that just plain works and Nook Simple Touch satisfies that need in a very inexpensive way WITHOUT ADS.

POINT: NOOK.Generally, if you are shopping for an inexpensive, simple e-reader, I strongly urge you to buy the Nook, and not the Kindle.

it is my first e-reader  ;) thank you...I recommend the Nook Simple Touch to any one who loves to read as I do.

Reading indoors no longer requires a spotlight on the e-reader to maintain legibility.

The Nook and all other major e-readers use EPUB, a now-standard file format for e-books.

What this means in practical terms is that you pretty much have to buy all of your books from Amazon - and forget about taking them with you if you ever decide another e-reader is the better platform for you.I refuse to be a party to that kind of lock-in, which is why I am very happy with my Nook Simple Touch.

I would highly recommend thise-reader .

Once you do that, you will be able to highlight and take notes like you can with the actual books.If you want a simple e-reader, the Nook Simple Touch is the best.

Make it simple the Nook is a better e-reader.

Instead I use an e-reader for my personal files (textbooks and news articles for example) and am left having to connect the device to my computer every.

Even though the nook can be a potentially great e-reader, the reading experience for an e-reader is most important - and that's where this falls extremely short.The biggest obstacle comes to the usage of the dictionary.

Really when you are looking for an e-reader there are two brands you look at: Amazon and Barnes & Noble.

In my opinion, the Nook Simple Touch is the best e-reader on the market because... well... it's simple.

(Not 1, because e-reader can use other friends/partners and read different books)- Remember each book stop reading page, if I restart book again.- Need slide toolbar for quick select directory, shelf  etc.

My secondary use would be reading ePub books, I have a large collection.The reason chose the Nook Touch over the Kindle were:+ support for open ePub format.+ expandable storage with SD card slot+ touch works better than Kindle's keyboard+ I can root the Nook and install a proper browserSure, there are minus points for Nook too:- Amazon has many many more bestsellers and newspapers last time I checked.This does not really matter to me.- No option for 3G.

There is no "period", or "dot", in the numerical keyboard, so it is not possible to enter another url, either to make a purchase from another bookseller, or, more importantly from my point of view, to log on to the local library (this would appear to apply to local US libraries as well; what a waste of WiFi!).

Two points only:1) The ereader device is wonderful2) DO NOT purchase ebooks from B&N; as they contain additional security restrictions that make it extremely difficult / not possible to compile into Adobe Digital Edition for transfer to other ereader devices.

If you are interested in reading you will not be dissapointed!My only complaint (if you can call it that) is that I wish there were more books available that I could share.

Learning point: never order something online in the "My Nook - My Library" and expect to actually read it.I also do not like the way that newspapers and magazines are presented.

I got excuses like: they warehouse is busy, and you have to send yours back first (even though the standard protocol involves getting the new one before sending yours back).At this point, I don't even want it anymore.

However, it is useful to look up information in books that may be linked, or to post commentary on your Facebook / Google / Twitter accounts.One item which might prove important to a few, which I discovered to my disappointment is that the NOOK will not recognize a WiFi access point created by your cell phone.

Wifi Connectivity:What the **** is the point of having wifi if you can only use it for downloading purchases from B&N.

For some reason buttons make me feel very comfortable, but I do however use the touch screen every once in a while.

If you want a great ereader with no real flaws, the latest in ereader technology, an extraordinary battery life, and an easy to use interface than this is the ereader to get.I was stuck between the kindle touch and a nook simple touch but I chose the nook because it displays books better (has pictures and the actual book covers instead of just the title in words) and the Touch screen is a lot more responsive on the Nook Simple Touch than on the kindle touch.

; I do not yet have any experience putting ebooks from a third party on this device and I have not inserted an SD card either so I cannot comment on that.- Battery Life - The battery life is EXCELLENT.

Rooting also drastically reduces battery life dropping it from approximately 1 month battery life to 3 days or so with the standard android install but this can be brought back up to 1-2 weeks battery life by modifying a few of the system files.

This model doesn't have all the bells and whistles of the others Nooks but, in my opinion, you don't need them.A note about battery life - it's amazing!

You have a nice light, long battery life E-reader that works well in appropriate lighting.

Pros:Touch screenExcellent battery lifeSized well for pockets or pursesThe gestures are pretty intuitiveThe functionality of ePub books is very goodThe device is able to use books from other sources who use ePub or PDF format (library or other sourceCons:The on-board memory capacity is 236MB (!

If I want to buy something, I do it via my phone's nook app, or the web.-  While my battery life is good *now*, it wasn't so good when I first got it.

Buy a smartphone so you're conditioned to charge things more regularly :P- The rubber on the device is great for grippiness in your hand (and it won't go sliding from anywhere you put it unless a 8.0 earthquake hits), but it tends to attract dust and grime, and the type of rubber makes it *incredibly* hard to clean except with some kind of wet nap.Overall, it's the original nook, in a smaller package, with better battery life, a touchscreen, and a cleaner interface.

compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!

I do not buy anything that is not fully touch screen if it can be.

You MUST tie a credit card to your B&N; account or you can't buy anything including FREE books!3.

My secondary use would be reading ePub books, I have a large collection.The reason chose the Nook Touch over the Kindle were:+ support for open ePub format.+ expandable storage with SD card slot+ touch works better than Kindle's keyboard+ I can root the Nook and install a proper browserSure, there are minus points for Nook too:- Amazon has many many more bestsellers and newspapers last time I checked.This does not really matter to me.- No option for 3G.

Plus even if it only works ok, it's so cute it will make up for all the problems.

The touchscreen on the Nook STR is infrared (it senses the heat of your finger, again like iPhone), so a light touch works just fine.

It hasn't been a major issue though.I purchased aVerso Arc Light for Kindle, Nook, & Other eReaders - Blackand it works well for reading in low-light situations.

Software works good and even manages to go through my medical review books easily and do keyword searches.

Tapping - when works - can take paging very very easy.

Buying a cover and quality book light completes the package giving you the feel of a real book without the weight and the ability to read in bed at night ;) You can shop over a wifi network directly from your nook, while in Barnes and Noble read any nook book for free as long as you are there and connected to their wifi network, and you can even add your favorite social networks to share things with your friends.

works excellence  for me would recommend the use of this product more buyers.

I needed a simple e-reader that just plain works and Nook Simple Touch satisfies that need in a very inexpensive way WITHOUT ADS.

After that you can buy books with your credit card if everything works perfect which it never does.

So have to wait to hear back from the company I bought it from for a return and then see if I can get a replacement that works.

the touch screen works better than i thought it would and seems scratch resistnant, i prefer it to the ones with buttons because you dont have to push to turn the page.

B/N has Free Fridays - when you can download a featured book for free -, book share -with contacts on your device and social networks, and free reading of selected books when you are in B/N.

SOLUTIONS:  Drive to another location where Wi-Fi works (suggested by one B&N; person).

You have a nice light, long battery life E-reader that works well in appropriate lighting.

sometimes the copy just ends in the middle of a page when it's not the end of a paragraph or anything, just to continue at the top of the next page....None of these glitches are acceptable to me....they're all annoying and #2 totally distorts the meaning of the content...I'd give this unit the highest rating if the darn .pdf conversion worked correctly....so, I'm still looking for an eReader that works with pdfs...

You can't use the standard USB cord that works with all of your other electronic gadgets, like your digital camera or your portable hard drive.

Posts on the Internet say its a complex technical issue.

It hasn't been a major issue though.I purchased aVerso Arc Light for Kindle, Nook, & Other eReaders - Blackand it works well for reading in low-light situations.

I keep looking for a new firmware update to finally solve this issue, but I doubt B&N; will have any forthcoming.Update: I think the problem I described above is a flaw with my own device and not about firmware.

Customer service told me that Barnes & Noble is aware of this issue but they do not plan to repair or replace anything.

It's speculative to say whether or not this is a security measure based on my information set, but it is an issue that I'm sure at least a few others will wish to have known before purchasing.A case is a worthwhile consideration.

Carrying the NOOK in one's pocket can create some issues with the touch screen, and it tends otherwise to cause the device to crash.

My aging eyes feel much better after a couple hours with the Nook than after a couple hours straining to read the "fine print" that is typical of lower priced paperback books.If you want an e-reader primarily for magazines, you probably should buy the Nook Color or a small color tablet.

I could definitely use a light on my Nook.A Nook is definitely a great product if you're looking for a e-ink reader without the annoying backlight that you get from computers and tablets.

I might as well use my netbook or go all the way to a real tablet, and that won't be from B+N.Here are the problems with the whole Nook thing.

Easy.Also, for those technically savvy and geeky, it can be rooted to a very basic Android tablet with limited functionality (email, light browsing).

This device fills a niche- if you want to annotate pdf documents or watch movies or any of those other things, get a tablet or the iPad or the kindle fire.

However says that the Nook is the cheapest tablet out thier and the best well you are wrong  .

And if you are an expert on tablets like me well you cant even call it that .

Amazon and B & N are too greedy trying to push stuff on the users as they feel like, at the users expense.I will try to get a new Android tablet instead (for reading, and Internet browsing).

Get a tablet computer (I am partial to the Toshiba Thrive) if you want to play games, do email, browse the web, do video conferencing, etc.

If you are looking for a tablet like device to surf the internet and check email, this is not the product for you.

You can page foreward by either hitting one of the two side buttons, tapping the right side of the screen, or making a swipe motion ANYWHERE on the screen.Amazon may have the slightly larger market, but B&N; is definitely winning in the hardware race for best simple tablet.

Only if you only want an ereader and don't want tablet functions to distract you while reading.

compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!

You can change text size to make any book a large-print book, and buying books through Wi-Fi is a snap.

)Menu / keyboard items are not scalableNo parental filters / controlsNo on board method to manage files or memory usageThe small screen size decreases reading continuity at larger text sizes; no ability to view text in LandscapeApparently, Amazon really prefers you buy the Kindle, observing they are offering the NOOK for $40 more than for the price it is offered at Barnes and Noble.Summary:I own a Kindle and a NOOK Touch.

I choose this product because it's capable of support diferent formats, I convert my pdf files in EPUB whit free programs (calibre and sigil) and mi readings are now easy and the graphics are visualized correctly.

compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!

adobe digital editions will recon-nize your nook when you plug in the usb cord and has a drop down menu button that says copy ebook to nook.SIDELOAD means plug usb2 cable that comes with nook into computer and into nook.

Rooting also drastically reduces battery life dropping it from approximately 1 month battery life to 3 days or so with the standard android install but this can be brought back up to 1-2 weeks battery life by modifying a few of the system files.

compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!

price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc.

I love it and would suggest it for anyone looking at purchasing an e reader.

$10 cheaper than anyone else.

I would highly recommend this item to anyone just wanting an e-reader it's great!!

Great tool for education, and I highly recommend Nook for anyone.

First let me say this nook is lightweight and simple and good for anyone who simply loves to read and wants to bring their library with them.

I'd recommend this to anyone like myself who doesn't do a ton of reading, but still wants a simple e-reader.

Similarly, if anyone found your child's Nook, they too could purchase anything using your credit card information.I tried get creative and purchased a gift card for my child but although this can create a credit on the child's account, B&N; still requires a credit card to be on-file in order to 'unlock' the book.

The on-screen keyboard / menu items are actually useful to the consumers who really could benefit from these devices more than anyone: the elderly.

I would recommended it to anyone looking for an ereader at an affordable price.

I love my Nook Simple Touch and would recommend it to anyone.

I would not recommend this product to anyone.

My cons list is really more of a wishlist, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the NST to anyone, especially at the lowered $99 price.

Plus even if it only works ok, it's so cute it will make up for all the problems.

Have read 3 books so far, and still have about 50% battery left.

My secondary use would be reading ePub books, I have a large collection.The reason chose the Nook Touch over the Kindle were:+ support for open ePub format.+ expandable storage with SD card slot+ touch works better than Kindle's keyboard+ I can root the Nook and install a proper browserSure, there are minus points for Nook too:- Amazon has many many more bestsellers and newspapers last time I checked.This does not really matter to me.- No option for 3G.

There is no "period", or "dot", in the numerical keyboard, so it is not possible to enter another url, either to make a purchase from another bookseller, or, more importantly from my point of view, to log on to the local library (this would appear to apply to local US libraries as well; what a waste of WiFi!).

Consider to buy an additional memory card to increase the capacity of this device and to buy it from BluProton seller, they have one of the finest and most efficient services worldwide.

After that you can buy books with your credit card if everything works perfect which it never does.

eBoook is realy simple touch reader whith a correct price and very useful on day by day travel to my office.It is exactly the device that I want.

My aging eyes feel much better after a couple hours with the Nook than after a couple hours straining to read the "fine print" that is typical of lower priced paperback books.If you want an e-reader primarily for magazines, you probably should buy the Nook Color or a small color tablet.

* Expandable storage slot* Excellent support for open book formats* Touch screen* Even smaller and compact.If you are OK with 6 to 8 hours of battery, go for Nook Color and root it.

The only solution was, either to plug the USB cable, or wait until the device can be accessed - meaning at least one hour.Well, as a gift for my doughter, Nook Touch is perfect, small, light and stylish.

For all people confused on whether to get a nook or kindle...hopefully this helps!After hours of researching countless articles and watching reviews, I thought the nook would be the best choice for me.

However I love going to the Barnes & Noble store because if you take your Nook, you are able to read any Nook book for free for up to 1 hour per day without purchasing it.

There have been several occasions where my father-in-law (who is ok with technology) has called up and spent hours on the phone with my husband trying to figure out how to get a book onto the nook.I would not recommend this unless you plan to purchase only from the Nook itself.

4 stars because it's really easy to use, you can find a lot of books the battery lasts for about 2-3 weeks (and i read about 6 hours a day at least).The only disadvantage is that maybe i could use a little bigger screen.But in general it's worth it's money!

This piece of junk takes hours to set up and you really need a laptop also.

One software update and two other fixes later, and it STILL drains the battery by the minute, lasting only about 8 hours, instead of the promised 2 months.

I absolutely LOVE my Nook Simple Touch, and I use it for several hours every day.

You can also connect to a Barnes and Noble WiFi and read the books you want for free up to an hour.The Nook has one drawback, it does not have the Economist magazine available yet.

Overall I do like it, but it needs improvement.My favorite use of the Nook is to borrow my local library's digital books using the free Overdrive Media Console software which allows you to select & save your library (ies) and to directly access the digital library from it on your PC, and then sideload (drag & drop)the borrowed books to your Nook; no more time wasted or trips through rush hour traffic to browse, borrow or return books downtown, and no more parking hassles!

It's tiny, portable, and even with my case fits perfectly in my purse for my morning commute.

It fits the Nook very well and is also a beautifull case.I am thinking to buy more of them in combos as presents to my other family members.

Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.

sony reader for your computer is a epub & pdf reader 4 your computer that lets you download free internet books and copy them to the sony reader library ,where you can read the ebook on your computer and also sideload  a copy of the ebook,through the ubs2 cable  into your sony ereader - prs300the sony reader reconizes the sony ereader-prs 300 and allows sideloads.nook wieghts 6 oz and sony wieghts 8 oz, so not much difference in wieght.And nook has wi - fi ,in-case i want to pay $12.00 for a book instead of downloading the book for free on to my computer.There might just be a situation where i cant get to my computer to get a free book and i was so bored that i was willing to pay for a wi-fi book, but i dont think so.

They needed too many personal data, before using the tool.It is also funny in case of an ebook reader.The PDF files that I copied to Nook  were not readable.

I suppose if the device is owned by an adult this model would work, however if you are contemplating this as a gift for your child, I'd avoid any device related to B&N; altogether.I give them 2 starts for the hardware only but otherwise the device, in this case, is useless.

It's speculative to say whether or not this is a security measure based on my information set, but it is an issue that I'm sure at least a few others will wish to have known before purchasing.A case is a worthwhile consideration.

I also suggest that your purchase one CaseCrown leather Regal flip case sold through Amazon; they are high quality for a reasonable price.

Well, controls are easy to learn, but in case you forget something, the user guide is already inside as your first available book.

Easy to hold in hands, however I recommend you to buy a protective case for it to make your reading even easier and more comfortable.

It is easily charged from a micro USB connection and files can easily be copied from a PC.The crystal clear text and easy touch or button navigation make reading a pleasure.

The Nook makes it easy to chose a font style, a font size, single spacing or double spacing...you can customize the appearance of the text to your needs.It is easy to read the Nook indoors with any decent room lighting, and easy to read outdoors in the shade.

In contrast, my color e-reader requires charging each day.Magazines look MUCH better on my color e-reader, but magazine text is very readable on the Nook.

However, considering that B&N; is much less popular than its competitor, and popularity means software and application support, and it has no text or Word doc files support, and being extremely restrictive in order to not allow direct internet access to competitive or free content, I am strongly NOT RECOMMENDING purchase of the device.

I don't understand why :(- No Web Browser or RSS reader app or something like that- PDF reader usually do not render properly if the pdf has Tables, Bullets, Images and other graphic different from text.- You Can Not Delete, move or rename Files from the device User Interface, you always have to connect it to the computer to do this actions... this makes you waist a lot of time.- The device has a hidden partition used to store the books you purchased at B&N; store.

You can change text size to make any book a large-print book, and buying books through Wi-Fi is a snap.

)Menu / keyboard items are not scalableNo parental filters / controlsNo on board method to manage files or memory usageThe small screen size decreases reading continuity at larger text sizes; no ability to view text in LandscapeApparently, Amazon really prefers you buy the Kindle, observing they are offering the NOOK for $40 more than for the price it is offered at Barnes and Noble.Summary:I own a Kindle and a NOOK Touch.

Instead I use an e-reader for my personal files (textbooks and news articles for example) and am left having to connect the device to my computer every.

(I'm writing my review in amazon because B&N; "Block" my review arguinf  it  violates the Terms of Use of B&N...; Ironic don't you think :/, anyway this is my original review of the ebook Reader)The readers is fine in general:Pros:- Nice physically materials- Best Graphic User Interface than Kindle- Nice e-ink screen- Great speed of screen refreshing- Touch screen response is wonderfulCons:- Physically buttons for Back and Forward are kind of hard To press- No Landscape Mode...

Assignable buttons are also provided for pagination but they require a rather firm press.

The buttons require you to either press in just the right place, or press too hard, so there is always a pause to see if it did turn, or if I should hit it again.- The realization that I have to pick sides early in the Amazon vs. B&N; battle since the books I'm buying may not work on the devices of the future, and for the short term, they definitely will not work.

Notably: to close one book (so you can open another), press the Nook button below the screen (the thing that looks like an upside-down U) and enter "library."

You can turn a page with just a tap of your finger on the screen, or press a side bar.

The device itself is amazing...-great TOUCHSCREEN interface-perfect reading screen-clean looking design, small because there is no keyboard to make it bigger and it's smaller than the original Nook-reads formats natively that the Kindle won't-read all the ebooks you want in B&N; stores for free-library checkouts are easy-press and hold on a word to get its definition-highlight and take notes in a book easily...but when you ROOT the thing it gets even better!-Install the Gmail app to get your mail-get the Opera browser (supports Flash!

These buttons require more force, and that's if you press the center of the button.

Good luck if you press either the top or the bottom portion of the button.

Press lightly on the outside rim of the page to turn it either way, press buttons on either side to turn the page the same direction that you have been turning.

Press near the top right corner to "bookmark" the page, press in the middle of the screen to open up a small main menu (from which you can access your homepage, your library, the shop, settings, etc), press and hold over a word to highlight, mark, or look it up.

You can even put amazon's android kindle reader on it as well.The reason for the relatively low rating is that all of these features and functionality should have been unlocked by default.

