Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.
sony reader for your computer is a epub & pdf reader 4 your computer that lets you download free internet books and copy them to the sony reader library ,where you can read the ebook on your computer and also sideload  a copy of the ebook,through the ubs2 cable  into your sony ereader - prs300the sony reader reconizes the sony ereader-prs 300 and allows sideloads.nook wieghts 6 oz and sony wieghts 8 oz, so not much difference in wieght.And nook has wi - fi ,in-case i want to pay $12.00 for a book instead of downloading the book for free on to my computer.There might just be a situation where i cant get to my computer to get a free book and i was so bored that i was willing to pay for a wi-fi book, but i dont think so.
When you delete nook , you have to reregister nook at barnes & noble all over again.most people will be out of range of B&N; wi-fi ,so you wont be able to register nook without a trip to B&N; to get in range of the wi fi.
If you were to buy this Nook for your young son or daughter, they would be able to purchase anything at the flick of a finger, and it would charge to your credit card 'for your convenience'.
Since my 12 year-old daughter purchased this herself with her own money, I have no choice but to either tell her to eat the unit or use my credit card without any parental control.
The Nook makes it easy to chose a font style, a font size, single spacing or double spacing...you can customize the appearance of the text to your needs.It is easy to read the Nook indoors with any decent room lighting, and easy to read outdoors in the shade.
In contrast, my color e-reader requires charging each day.Magazines look MUCH better on my color e-reader, but magazine text is very readable on the Nook.
look crude compared with a color e-reader.I have several books in paperback at home that I also have on the Nook.
Because I can increase font size and use double-spacing on the Nook, it is much easier to read on the Nook than in the paperback book.
My aging eyes feel much better after a couple hours with the Nook than after a couple hours straining to read the "fine print" that is typical of lower priced paperback books.If you want an e-reader primarily for magazines, you probably should buy the Nook Color or a small color tablet.
If you will be reading books, you will like the NOOK Simple Touch.
Look around and compare price...the price of the Nook varies widely between stores.
I was given a Nook touch screen for Christmas and while excited, I really didn't want to convert to an e reader.
It's so much easier to look up the meaning of a word, you can have a wish list for books you want to buy, which you can't do on the old one.
Any book you buy can become a large print...for those that need it.
While I still pick  up a regular book, my nook is enjoyable, and easy to take along, doesn't rip or get torn up.
I love it and would suggest it for anyone looking at purchasing an e reader.
Would be interesting to see a report from someone that knows specifics about the software shop that developed the Nook Simple Touch code.
Full rewrite of Nook Simple Touch code recommended.
It's not usable on the internet for browsing or my amazon books that I can get on my bigger nook with an app.
Fast, super, amazing!I suggest this ebooks reader and BlueProton shop.Nook is fantastic, you can root it and have more from it
* Expandable storage slot* Excellent support for open book formats* Touch screen* Even smaller and compact.If you are OK with 6 to 8 hours of battery, go for Nook Color and root it.
Searching for the best matching one, I've found 2 interesting: Barnes & Noble Nook Touch and Kobo Touch.
The only solution was, either to plug the USB cable, or wait until the device can be accessed - meaning at least one hour.Well, as a gift for my doughter, Nook Touch is perfect, small, light and stylish.
With the Nook, you're buying material from a reputable but inconsistent company whose mettle has yet to be tested in the e-reader space.Two word recommendation: Research selection (before purchase)I hope I've helped.
My secondary use would be reading ePub books, I have a large collection.The reason chose the Nook Touch over the Kindle were:+ support for open ePub format.+ expandable storage with SD card slot+ touch works better than Kindle's keyboard+ I can root the Nook and install a proper browserSure, there are minus points for Nook too:- Amazon has many many more bestsellers and newspapers last time I checked.This does not really matter to me.- No option for 3G.
Ebooks reduce paper consumptions and save trees.
Governments should subsidize ebooks if publishers don't bring down the prices.
I love my Nook simple touch but will review another time.
Didn't realize you need a credit card on file to be able to load books onto the Nook.
The Nook is definitely worth the money, even though it costs considerably more than a book would.
It's very handy and comfortable, you can have as much books as you want just inserting a microSD card.
You can have even some internet with Nook Simple Touch.
This Nook model is not available for sale outside the US, for good reason, though.
There is no "period", or "dot", in the numerical keyboard, so it is not possible to enter another url, either to make a purchase from another bookseller, or, more importantly from my point of view, to log on to the local library (this would appear to apply to local US libraries as well; what a waste of WiFi!).
Do Not Buy A Nook.
I could definitely use a light on my Nook.A Nook is definitely a great product if you're looking for a e-ink reader without the annoying backlight that you get from computers and tablets.
There is no folder view for displaying the books you put on it, you are constrained to a library view that tries to sort everything for you.
Once that happens, you have access to the android market, email, web browser, and more importantly, you can get apps that are better than the default nook book reader.
Plus even if it only works ok, it's so cute it will make up for all the problems.
Nothing fancy it just read books and if you got Wifi you can go to the store and look at the endless collection B&N has.
For all people confused on whether to get a nook or kindle...hopefully this helps!After hours of researching countless articles and watching reviews, I thought the nook would be the best choice for me.
You can review books, buy or get samples of books, and share books with your friends.
Ironic, considering the Nook is their direct competitor.One thing to take into consideration is that the page numbers are synced with the actual pages of the ebook, regardless of font size or line spacing, so you can turn through page 85 two or three times before getting to page 86.
You have to plug the Nook into a computer to delete files.
Thank you soooo much for your kindness and my grandson loves the Nook.I recommend them highly and I dont give recommendations so easily.
Nook offers SIX Professional & Distinct Fonts: Caecilia, Malabar, Amasis, Gill Sans, Helvetica, & Trebuchet -- 3 are Serif -- 3 Sans Serif, they are all excellent choices for e-readers, & 3 of the fonts are exceptionally legible.
In unfortunate contrast, Kindle offers a generic Serif, a generic Sans Serif, & something they call "Condensed".Nook's screen is crystal clear & glare resistant; and their lovely fonts provide an elegant reading experience.I must confess to you, I found Nook's Font Superiority Compelling, and when combined with the fact that the device itself sports a superior, more elegant design, I truly wanted Nook to prevail in this contest.
But Alas, there was also a chink in Nook's fine suit of armor; nay, not a chink but a fatal missing piece .
: to Cut & Paste into my word processor.In contrast, Nook's Annotation "Feature" is Abysmal:  The Notes I make on my Nook do Not sync to my PC (or vice versa), and thus there is NO WAY to copy them into my word processor(!
You can toggle this feature on & off, and there is an Amazon site that lets you view readers' highlighting for ANY book--not just the books you own.
* Amazon has slightly better paid ebook coverage than does B&N;, and Kindle ebooks are often cheaper than Nook ebooks.
From this one user's experience: if you go with Nook, hope that you won't need their customer service.
I might as well use my netbook or go all the way to a real tablet, and that won't be from B+N.Here are the problems with the whole Nook thing.
(If the publishers trust them enough with their DRM to have the book at all, why can't you transfer the book to someone else using the same DRM?)
The Barnes and noble store built into the nook simple touch is pretty good, and should suit the full needs of most people.
If you are looking for an ereader with a great browser, mp3 and mp4 capabilities,than the nook Simple Touch is NOT for you (get the nook Color or Nook Tablet).
If you want a great ereader with no real flaws, the latest in ereader technology, an extraordinary battery life, and an easy to use interface than this is the ereader to get.I was stuck between the kindle touch and a nook simple touch but I chose the nook because it displays books better (has pictures and the actual book covers instead of just the title in words) and the Touch screen is a lot more responsive on the Nook Simple Touch than on the kindle touch.
Also the buttons on the side that can be used to turn the page (if you dont wanna touch the screen) on the Nook Simple Touch are great and come in handy!
And personally the nook simple touch just FEELS better as in the navigation is faster and more smooth than the kindle touch which seemed to take longer and be a lot more "Blinky" on the kindle touch.
Buyer beware where you buy your Nook touch.
It's the perfect ebook reader and plus you can install Android OS to see mail (a good help sometimes).
Haven't been back to the library since!Now here comes the Nook Simple Touch Reader (Nook STR).
On the Nook STR, the Library screen shows icons for all the ebooks loaded in the device (both library and purchased).
Or swipe your finger across the screen as in flipping a physical book page.
The touchscreen on the Nook STR is infrared (it senses the heat of your finger, again like iPhone), so a light touch works just fine.
So don't be spooked about buying one due to this problem - if it happens to you, exchange it.Going back to library books, I had to install Adobe Digital Editions onto my PC (my library had the link to download - free).
This software allows you to manage your ebooks on your Nook.The Nook STR is a good choice for seniors that may not have extensive computer skills.
Using the device is easy enough, but loading books from a library website (via Adobe Digital Editions) requires a few steps to complete.
If help is needed, it can be a positive relationship-building experience.One last plus - once you get your Nook STR, check the "Shop" tab to access B&Ns; website.
It fits the Nook very well and is also a beautifull case.I am thinking to buy more of them in combos as presents to my other family members.
However I love going to the Barnes & Noble store because if you take your Nook, you are able to read any Nook book for free for up to 1 hour per day without purchasing it.
Sometimes while reading a book I will accidently touch the screen and the menu will pop up or the page will turn.
Since there are page-turn buttons, it would be helpful if the Nook had a feature to temporarily disable the touch screen.
Looking up a word in the dictionary can be accessed only through the touch screen and it is always responsive, BUT it might be frustrating for someone with big fingers because touching the screen and highlighting the intended word to look up might result with the device highlighting the word above or below it.
; I do not yet have any experience putting ebooks from a third party on this device and I have not inserted an SD card either so I cannot comment on that.- Battery Life - The battery life is EXCELLENT.
********UPDATE 4/14/12**********Everything is still pleasant with my Nook Simple Touch ereader.
However, Barnes & Noble is releasing the NEW "Nook Simple Touch with Glowlight" in May.
I do prefer my Kindle but the Simple Touch Nook is an excellent choice as well.
(I'm writing my review in amazon because B&N; "Block" my review arguinf  it  violates the Terms of Use of B&N...; Ironic don't you think :/, anyway this is my original review of the ebook Reader)The readers is fine in general:Pros:- Nice physically materials- Best Graphic User Interface than Kindle- Nice e-ink screen- Great speed of screen refreshing- Touch screen response is wonderfulCons:- Physically buttons for Back and Forward are kind of hard To press- No Landscape Mode...
I don't understand why :(- No Web Browser or RSS reader app or something like that- PDF reader usually do not render properly if the pdf has Tables, Bullets, Images and other graphic different from text.- You Can Not Delete, move or rename Files from the device User Interface, you always have to connect it to the computer to do this actions... this makes you waist a lot of time.- The device has a hidden partition used to store the books you purchased at B&N; store.
Good for reading if you buy the books from Barnes and noble.
What should be a two-five step process is way more complex and requires special software on the computer to transfer the ebook to the nook.
There have been several occasions where my father-in-law (who is ok with technology) has called up and spent hours on the phone with my husband trying to figure out how to get a book onto the nook.I would not recommend this unless you plan to purchase only from the Nook itself.
You can buy ebooks from anywhere, download from Project Gutenberg or borrow from the local library and using adobe digital editions manage your library on the Nook.
The Nook fits easily in a small travel bag or purse.
This device has buggy wireless software so I do not recommend it unless you are willing to always download your books from a USB connection to a wired computer.
At first, a downloaded book showed up on the USB Nook-drive icon on the computer, where I drag-and-dropped it into the Library folder, and would NOT show up in the Nook library display.
If you are looking for an all purpose ePad or IPAD alternative, buy another product!
If you turn off WIFI, which should be normal unless you are looking for another book, the battery doesn't need recharging for weeks on end.
You will need a Nook Color or an ePad like Xoom or IPAD for that.
If you come across a word you are unfamiliar with you just touch it and up pops an option look it up.
The buttons require you to either press in just the right place, or press too hard, so there is always a pause to see if it did turn, or if I should hit it again.- The realization that I have to pick sides early in the Amazon vs. B&N; battle since the books I'm buying may not work on the devices of the future, and for the short term, they definitely will not work.
And please, Amazon and B&N;, work hard on making sure that e-books are device agnostic in the future.
Lesson - don't buy a nook.
When you buy a Nook, you cannot assume to use it unless someone has told you ahead of time that the purchase, unlike any other electronic device, does not include a charger.
Have read 3 books so far, and still have about 50% battery left.
It hasn't been a major issue though.I purchased aVerso Arc Light for Kindle, Nook, & Other eReaders - Blackand it works well for reading in low-light situations.
Two points only:1) The ereader device is wonderful2) DO NOT purchase ebooks from B&N; as they contain additional security restrictions that make it extremely difficult / not possible to compile into Adobe Digital Edition for transfer to other ereader devices.
Great tool for education, and I highly recommend Nook for anyone.
I liked the Kindle's sleek looks more than the Nook, but the screen on this is definitely better for reading (can't speak for the new Kindle Paper White).
If you try to access any images from a folder it will give you an error saying &#34;this nook cannot read this file.
nook is a good ereader and sony is also a good ereader and i would recommend both to my friends, depending on their needs/wants.SIDELOAD= downloading a ebook from your computer hard drive to your ereader, weather sony or nook.
this is done through the usb cable that plugs into the side of your ereader and also recharges the battery of your ereader, while you sideload or just for recharging.all ebooks should be backed up on computer hard drive first because there is no retrieving an ebook from a ereader .
Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.
sony reader for your computer is a epub & pdf reader 4 your computer that lets you download free internet books and copy them to the sony reader library ,where you can read the ebook on your computer and also sideload  a copy of the ebook,through the ubs2 cable  into your sony ereader - prs300the sony reader reconizes the sony ereader-prs 300 and allows sideloads.nook wieghts 6 oz and sony wieghts 8 oz, so not much difference in wieght.And nook has wi - fi ,in-case i want to pay $12.00 for a book instead of downloading the book for free on to my computer.There might just be a situation where i cant get to my computer to get a free book and i was so bored that i was willing to pay for a wi-fi book, but i dont think so.
the filthy rich would like the wi fi 12.99 book ,though.I thought that the nook touch screen would be cool , but it is kind of a pain the the butt because the nook changes pages when ever your finger gets even close to the screen, weather you want to change pages or not.
adobe lets you look at/read-- the book on your computer and see if you want to sideload it into your nook.
adobe digital editions will recon-nize your nook when you plug in the usb cord and has a drop down menu button that says copy ebook to nook.SIDELOAD means plug usb2 cable that comes with nook into computer and into nook.
You must delete every thing all at once and start from empty all over again.A very bad feature nook should change as soon as possible.The saving grace is the large 500 book capacity of the nook and the slot to install a 32 gb flash drive memory stick so that nook can hold 1000 books.
When you delete nook , you have to reregister nook at barnes & noble all over again.most people will be out of range of B&N; wi-fi ,so you wont be able to register nook without a trip to B&N; to get in range of the wi fi.
If nook make a large screen e-ink e-reader, may be 9 inch or A4.
You can side load any pdf or epub file, as well as downloading books from the store.
Using the Adobe Digital software to unlock library books with the nook was a headache at first, and I'm a librarian who is somewhat tech-savy.
The only way you can add content to your device (other than purchasing content from B&N;) is to hook it up to the computer?
I have had my nook simple touch for a few weeks now- I previously owned a Sony Reader pocket edition, and I own a iPad.
Like the Sony reader, the nook can take notes but wouldn't be a great device to purchase for that purpose.It was pretty easy to set up- I didn't read the instruction manual, but I usually don't.
The advertised size of the nook is 2gb, which is a ton of books, but it wasn't enough room for the books I've acquired through other sources- like google book downloads.
Not a deal-killer by any means, but something to consider if you're planning to add your own epub library to your nook.Kindle vs. Nook- I haven't owned a kindle, only used it for a few minutes, but my personal opinion as I decided which to purchase was this: price was important (and I got a great black friday deal on the nook), and since they were about the same price I wanted to support the more open epub format, since you can load books from other sources.
The "newest model" is the Nook Simple Touch with Glowlight, and not this model.
Hmm, I wonder if the new generation of the Nook Touch is going to have freezing problems too??
4 stars because it's really easy to use, you can find a lot of books the battery lasts for about 2-3 weeks (and i read about 6 hours a day at least).The only disadvantage is that maybe i could use a little bigger screen.But in general it's worth it's money!
I could BUY a program to convert the files or I could pay Amazon "a small fee" to convert them for me.I took my Kindle BACK to Best Buy and spoke to another Sales guy that was very helpful and explained to me that the Nook will EASILY read my pdf books.
For $139.99, The Nook Simple Touch Reader is a way better value.
after holding out for so long in converting from paper to digital, i decided to take the plunge and buy the nook.
The item is very complicated to use if you want to download public library books.
you need first to get an adobe program then download book to computer etc.
Yet at Band N if you walk in, the same Nook is priced at $79 and you get a $20 gift card if you buy one .
Software works good and even manages to go through my medical review books easily and do keyword searches.
TEXTBOOK USER beware though that charts and tables are at a fixed size and cannot be enlarged.Overall very happy and most of all I love not looking at a backlit screen for enjoyment.
I don't recommend the nook at all.
Rooting the Nook (via Nooter), while not difficult, does require some level of computer know-how.
Still, having near-instant access to news, weather, email, books, comics, and most websites makes the Nook Simple Touch a great little device, especially if you can find one used.
If you are interested in reading you will not be dissapointed!My only complaint (if you can call it that) is that I wish there were more books available that I could share.
price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc.
x-ray is pretty cool.connectivity: kindle - for an additional $50 you can get a kindle with 3G.page turns: nook - slightly faster.
if you want to Read the books it is the coolest thing ever and also there are some other ways to make it more cooler.
However says that the Nook is the cheapest tablet out thier and the best well you are wrong  .
The nook e book reader has been a good buy for my wife.
They needed too many personal data, before using the tool.It is also funny in case of an ebook reader.The PDF files that I copied to Nook  were not readable.
If tapping does not work, you can not reach your ebooks, however there are some phisical buttom on the tool, also.Funny and annoying.Now the situation is : sometimes it does sense the tapping, sometimes doesn't.Final annoying concern: spam mail per almost every day, about how to spend your money on ebooks and related things.Favourites beyond all negatives:Nice , Light, Quick, Handle all kind of characters and signs (not just letters, but mathematical formulas also, and not just English letters, but other ones, also), Size of the letters can adjustable.
Also, if you want to read more about the publication or customer reviews, you must go online to do it - it can not be done from the Nook.
Learning point: never order something online in the "My Nook - My Library" and expect to actually read it.I also do not like the way that newspapers and magazines are presented.
I also do not believe that this is Nook specific.
I am happy with this eReader from Nook but I would advise to buy the one with GlowLight so that you can read at any time.
First let me say this nook is lightweight and simple and good for anyone who simply loves to read and wants to bring their library with them.
Buying a cover and quality book light completes the package giving you the feel of a real book without the weight and the ability to read in bed at night ;) You can shop over a wifi network directly from your nook, while in Barnes and Noble read any nook book for free as long as you are there and connected to their wifi network, and you can even add your favorite social networks to share things with your friends.
All purchase books are your forever compared to other ebook services who may take the boom away when the publisher ends digital publishing.
If you're looking for something simple without bells and whistles and are a true book lover, you will love this nook.
You MUST tie a credit card to your B&N; account or you can't buy anything including FREE books!3.
If you decide to "manually" load books via USB, realize you have only 250mb of space for this purpose!
Lose your nook and the thief can buy up stuff at B&N; on your dime.5.
Notably: to close one book (so you can open another), press the Nook button below the screen (the thing that looks like an upside-down U) and enter "library."
And to tell when the Nook has finished charging, wait for the little LED next to the USB input on the unit to turn from amber to green.So if you have been looking for an ebook reader offering great value and ergonomics, take a look at this Nook.
)UPDATE: Trust me to find the bugs in an ebook reader -- or perhaps they find me.
I keep looking for a new firmware update to finally solve this issue, but I doubt B&N; will have any forthcoming.Update: I think the problem I described above is a flaw with my own device and not about firmware.
*Barnes & Noble actually has stores to go and ask questions*On the nook, you can change the wallpaper/screensaver.
The device itself is amazing...-great TOUCHSCREEN interface-perfect reading screen-clean looking design, small because there is no keyboard to make it bigger and it's smaller than the original Nook-reads formats natively that the Kindle won't-read all the ebooks you want in B&N; stores for free-library checkouts are easy-press and hold on a word to get its definition-highlight and take notes in a book easily...but when you ROOT the thing it gets even better!-Install the Gmail app to get your mail-get the Opera browser (supports Flash!
)-install the Kindle app and you can read Kindle ebooks too-Put it in host mode to attach an external keyboard-Make sure to get the Home Button Savior app so you can switch back and forth between the B&N; reader and the rest of the device's functionality.I used these instructions:[Amazon removed my link.
Google "Root Nook Touch Using TouchNooter & Install Go Launcher, NookColor Tools, Gmail, Market & YouTube", it's the top link.
Can't say anything negative except for the cable and would recommend The Simple Touch eBook Reader.
There is no option to disable the touch screen while reading.I was required to connect the Nook to a B&N; account on setup.
Second, you cannot use the nook without connecting to the internet via wifi, and the nook cannot connect to wifi that needs you to enter a password over a web browser.
From there you have to add the books to ADE then add them to your Nook, not a huge deal, but a few extra steps compared to the iPad.I also noticed that scrolling between pages had a bit of delay compared to the iPad and that when you were trying to use the scroll bar to advance more than a few pages at a time, it wasn't the most accurate.
The advantage of the nook over a kindle is simplicity when you aren't buying a book (ie, when you're obtaining a digital backup of a physical book you own, library digital checkouts, or you're pirating one.)
But where it shines is when I refuse to buy a book because the publishers are being greedy (eg, Dance with Dragons by George RR Martin, game of thrones series...
You type in the name of a book into google and add "epub download" to the end, and somewhere on the first page of results is a working download (at least with every book I've had to try so far.)
But other than that and the simplicity I'd probably go with a kindle for legit purchases (also I'm pretty sure the nook has been officially abandoned by B&N;, which will of course make any syncing that may have existed even more problematic in the future.)
What I like about Nook (so far):-easy to use-has a memory card slot for more storage capacity-light and convenient to carry around-very good for a basic readerWhat I don't like:-sometimes the display appears fadedAll in all, I'm liking my new Nook.
)I have never in my life written a review for a product- good or bad (even though I do a large amount of shopping online), but my experience with my Nook Touch has upset me greatly, and I would like to warn others shopping for an e-reader to consider my experience beforehand so that they make a well informed decision.
The two BIG differences is that the ebook store on amazon is WAY better than the ebook store on B&N; (which is a big deal to me) and I like the fact that I can search content on WIFI with the Amazon reader (such as wikipedia).
For example, the Nook has a home-page and a very simple menu to orient yourself between different screens.
(2) Even if I didn't, I could still buy books for the Google eBookstore at Google Play using a computer with an internet conection.Other things to consider:- Will you be reading books or daily publications more?
BN (Nook) book prices tend to be higher than Amazon (Kindle).
The NOOK e-book reader compares favourably with the KINDLE, as well as being cheaper.
Once you have mastered the idiosyncratic technique for converting books to EPUB format and loading them onto the NOOK - I suggest getting a copy of CALIBRE which will streamline the conversion process.
I still have not mastered the bookmarking techniques (maybe I should read the instructions) but the NOOK has a convenient one or two click method of returning to where you were last.
Kindle books are often a little cheaper and the customer service is A LOT better!
It really is as if you are reading a book, except less bulky.
There is a multi-step process that requires me to download them onto Adobe, hook up the Nook, and drag each download onto the Nook.3.)
Even the B&N; Forum has many references to the problem.I'm not saying that you should not buy one of these Nook Simple Touches, and maybe you will not have the same problem.
They love that you can download library book.
You can change text size to make any book a large-print book, and buying books through Wi-Fi is a snap.
POINT:  NOOK.2) Nook Simple touch is smaller and lighter than the equivalent Kindle e-reader.
I needed a simple e-reader that just plain works and Nook Simple Touch satisfies that need in a very inexpensive way WITHOUT ADS.
POINT: NOOK.Generally, if you are shopping for an inexpensive, simple e-reader, I strongly urge you to buy the Nook, and not the Kindle.
it is my first e-reader  ;) thank you...I recommend the Nook Simple Touch to any one who loves to read as I do.
wether you read a lot or a little, it is just simply the best & so many available books....
After that you can buy books with your credit card if everything works perfect which it never does.
Save the time and just buy the book or really lose your mind a go to a used book store and buy any book you want for around a dollar and finally don't even consider calling tech support they are useless.
I may buy a Kindle some time-if I truly find a reason, but it will be a backup to my Nook library.I know that Amazon is doing this loss leader thing, selling at a loss, trying to convert everyone to Kindles so that you will be married to them forever (now that they finally have something that can compete with the Nook simple touch and Nook color).
On kindle reader you can change size of letters e book only if you bought them on Kindel store.
So i had to go online russian library ; download e book on my computer and convert to PD format by myself + its free .With Nook here is not a problem .All my ebooks I can read in print I wish.Just love this Nook!
You can use this just like a book outside in the sun.
But I would only recommend this product if your library has a good selection of ebooks, or if you don't mind not owning a physical book.
I heartily recommend the Nook Touch.Battery: Depending on usage levels you don't have to charge it too often, I read on mine in breaks between classes and when I have an assignment for an English class and only have to charge it every couple of weeks.
Once you have books or other materials in your library you can organize them onto "shelves" of your own choice.
Press near the top right corner to "bookmark" the page, press in the middle of the screen to open up a small main menu (from which you can access your homepage, your library, the shop, settings, etc), press and hold over a word to highlight, mark, or look it up.
You can search through your books for a typed phrase or word (very handy when trying to find a certain passage for writing a paper, or in-class discussions!)
Also, I've heard that you get free coupons and even occasionally a free book when you enter B&N; -- haven't gotten to try that feature out yet, my campus bookstore isn't officially a real B&N;, but I'm looking forward to it.Wifi: the Nook doesn't generate its own hotspot, but considering that practically everywhere you're going to go is jumping on the wifi bandwagon you shouldn't need one.
This model doesn't have all the bells and whistles of the others Nooks but, in my opinion, you don't need them.A note about battery life - it's amazing!
If you were to buy this Nook for your young son or daughter, they would be able to purchase anything at the flick of a finger, and it would charge to your credit card 'for your convenience'.
Similarly, if anyone found your child's Nook, they too could purchase anything using your credit card information.I tried get creative and purchased a gift card for my child but although this can create a credit on the child's account, B&N; still requires a credit card to be on-file in order to 'unlock' the book.
By contrast, with the Kindle system, you simply buy a book through Amazon using any credit card (which does not have to stay active) and send it to an authorized device.
The Nook system, by comparison, is slow, clunky, and a massive security risk.If you setup the Nook and do not provide this credit card during setup, no books can be sent to the Nook wirelessly, they must be sync'ed with a cable tethered to a computer.
eBoook is realy simple touch reader whith a correct price and very useful on day by day travel to my office.It is exactly the device that I want.
The Nook and all other major e-readers use EPUB, a now-standard file format for e-books.
What this means in practical terms is that you pretty much have to buy all of your books from Amazon - and forget about taking them with you if you ever decide another e-reader is the better platform for you.I refuse to be a party to that kind of lock-in, which is why I am very happy with my Nook Simple Touch.
However since it uses android you can easily root it and install apps that allows you to read Kindle books and pretty much anything else your heart desires.
Would totally recommend a nook.
If you are looking for a tablet like device to surf the internet and check email, this is not the product for you.
It looks like you are reading a physical book.
Either way will be useful depending on how you are holding the book.
Then I remembered that it won't do that; which makes this great for reading no matter what position you may be sitting or lying in.The Nook accepts epub books; which means that you can get books from a variety of stores, not just Barnes & Noble.
Download Adobe Digital Editions to put books on from other places; including borrowed books from the public library.The Nook doesn't handle pdf's well on its own, but there is a work around.
Once you do that, you will be able to highlight and take notes like you can with the actual books.If you want a simple e-reader, the Nook Simple Touch is the best.
I absolutely LOVE my Nook Simple Touch, and I use it for several hours every day.
B/N has Free Fridays - when you can download a featured book for free -, book share -with contacts on your device and social networks, and free reading of selected books when you are in B/N.
My understanding is that I can go to local libraries and even borrow my books using my Nook; This may or may not be any special news.The touch screen is a bit sensitive on the device, so if you prefer not to use it, they are also tactile "buttons" that will allow you to change pages.
The home screen shows the book you are currently reading and the page number you are on - a few other books in your library, and some suggested readings.
You can create shelves that you name on which to house your books by categories.
They do not look like physical shelves, rather they are just a grouping of books.Without going into more technical stuff that you can read online, I will say that if you are new to e-reading and you enjoy touch screens -  AND YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A PRODUCT THAT SIMPLY ALLOWS YOU TO READ - Do not hesitate to go into a B/N and try this out.
Just connect to the PC, and the Nook appears as another drive.
sometimes the copy just ends in the middle of a page when it's not the end of a paragraph or anything, just to continue at the top of the next page....None of these glitches are acceptable to me....they're all annoying and #2 totally distorts the meaning of the content...I'd give this unit the highest rating if the darn .pdf conversion worked correctly....so, I'm still looking for an eReader that works with pdfs...
Pros:Touch screenExcellent battery lifeSized well for pockets or pursesThe gestures are pretty intuitiveThe functionality of ePub books is very goodThe device is able to use books from other sources who use ePub or PDF format (library or other sourceCons:The on-board memory capacity is 236MB (!
One can synchronize with Google, Facebook, and Twitter, posting commentary and inviting discussion and response to the material being shared.
However, it is useful to look up information in books that may be linked, or to post commentary on your Facebook / Google / Twitter accounts.One item which might prove important to a few, which I discovered to my disappointment is that the NOOK will not recognize a WiFi access point created by your cell phone.
If you're on the fence regarding e readers, go with this one and help keep book stores alive!!
Make it simple the Nook is a better e-reader.
You can also connect to a Barnes and Noble WiFi and read the books you want for free up to an hour.The Nook has one drawback, it does not have the Economist magazine available yet.
Of course, you won't be able to use B&N; bookstore this way.Power it up but don't enter setup.
This is an update from my initial review.This Barnes & Noble Nook Simple Touch was advertised by BlueProton at Amazon as having been marked down from $249.99 to $68.99, so it certainly seemed like a great deal.
Overall I do like it, but it needs improvement.My favorite use of the Nook is to borrow my local library's digital books using the free Overdrive Media Console software which allows you to select & save your library (ies) and to directly access the digital library from it on your PC, and then sideload (drag & drop)the borrowed books to your Nook; no more time wasted or trips through rush hour traffic to browse, borrow or return books downtown, and no more parking hassles!
However, as other reviewers have stated, you can still borrow or buy Kindle or other formats of digital books and convert them to ePub via the free Calibre software.
Borrowed library books can be returned automatically when the loan periods expire, or can be returned manually earlier if you decide not to finish the book during the loan period.Ordinarily I don't buy many fiction books because I rarely read any of them more than once.
The Nook can also read your PDF files/documents from your PC or elsewhere, plus it can use your JPEG files of photos to use as your custom screensavers; the Nook will convert them to B&W.
Nook is awesome!The name sucks tough :)The price-quality ratio is great and this ereader, once rooted and running on android, can read just about any file type, no longer limited to epub and PDF (terrible format for ereaders).The delivery came way ahead of schedule, that was a pleasant surprise.So thanks AceElectronix and Barnes&Noble;!
The nook seems to work great now that I can use it, but using barnes and noble for you ebooks might not be the best idea.
This is a sold update to the older nook, but gez you have to hit the webs just to find out you need to charge it OVERNIGHT in a WALL PLUG only before first usage AND that it MUST be turned on before trying to connect to windows.
You have to pick up a microSD card- Cant delete files or books, there is simply no option for it.
on time delivery, product as listed, great reader and simple to use even for a beginner would recommend just like reading a book
I would recommended it to anyone looking for an ereader at an affordable price.
Instead I use an e-reader for my personal files (textbooks and news articles for example) and am left having to connect the device to my computer every.
I love my Nook Simple Touch and would recommend it to anyone.
Even though the nook can be a potentially great e-reader, the reading experience for an e-reader is most important - and that's where this falls extremely short.The biggest obstacle comes to the usage of the dictionary.
You can organize your books into "shelves," but only on the device itself, and it's a cumbersome process.
She loved it and said it was the only one her school would let her use to get school books.
But after getting my nook I realized all the space I've been saving by not having a bookshelf.
Wish the screen were a bit brighter & that current books were available for less.
It's actually like a book, you have a digital paper in your hands.Excellent to read, you could change the font's size, the page's margins.Too, your nook is a ecological solution, because you only have to charge it as twice to month
Or they have friends that used Kindle and don't want to venture out on their own.First the Nook feels better.
Nook could provide some sort of introductory leaflet describing how to access the e-book's different functions.
I look the book and enjoy reading while waiting at the Doctor's office, etc.
Really when you are looking for an e-reader there are two brands you look at: Amazon and Barnes & Noble.
Its so simple, but really makes a big difference and that really sums up the Nook.
The owner may enable a password if desired.Navigating within a given book is much easier.
So I bought this onerooCASE Executive Leather Portfolio (Magenta) Case Cover with Stand for Barnes and Noble Nook Simple Touch / Nook Simple Touch with Glow LightIt is absolutely fantastic, and inexpensive but not in any way cheap!!
If you're looking for an alternative to paper books, this is a great device.
Essay to download free books (I suggest Project Gutenberg).
For downloading free books from on line sites or from the library, you will need to download Adobe Digital Edition 2 software which is free.I suggest that you purchase additional memory.
Barnes and Noble only allocates 1/4 of a GIG out of 2GIG for your personal library from non Barnes and Noble books.
One gig for software to run the Nook and 3/4 for books purchased from Barnes.
But unfortunaly my test kindle file would not work on the nook, not the nooks fault as it reads files from everyone else.Choose the nook for it's simple touch.
I know this borderline heresy on Amazon's website, however, I truly prefer the Nook experience over the Kindle!
This is clearly a bait-n-switch because none of this is mentioned if you buy it in a physical store.The Nook comes with no advertisements and is a wonderful reading experience!
The touch screen is intuitive and responsive, the ebooks look great, and best of all, no hidden ads!
In my opinion, the Nook Simple Touch is the best e-reader on the market because... well... it's simple.
Find an e-book reader.
I guess I can't speak for the kindle, but using our Nook to borrow from libraries has been a total waste of time.
I paid for the Nook with my non-US credit card.
I excitedly booted up my Nook only to find out that it would not work with a non-US credit card.
Why bring a device almost as big just to read books, when the eReader app (despite the drawbacks of a color screen vs. e-ink, etc.)
At the time this dawned on me, I immediately thought "If only there was a smaller form factor for the nook, I'd probably take that with me more, and start reading again..."Enter the nook touch.
If I want to buy something, I do it via my phone's nook app, or the web.-  While my battery life is good *now*, it wasn't so good when I first got it.
Buy a smartphone so you're conditioned to charge things more regularly :P- The rubber on the device is great for grippiness in your hand (and it won't go sliding from anywhere you put it unless a 8.0 earthquake hits), but it tends to attract dust and grime, and the type of rubber makes it *incredibly* hard to clean except with some kind of wet nap.Overall, it's the original nook, in a smaller package, with better battery life, a touchscreen, and a cleaner interface.
For cheaper than the original nook.
Bought a Nook in Bangkok _Sort of happy with it_Then_ just browsing a store where a lady was demo-ing a Kindle_Sooooooo much better_Bought one & haven't looked at a Nook since
Who ever said that the kindle has a better library is telling lies B&N has an equal or better ebook and "app" library.
LIke Amazon, B&N; tries to lock readers in to purchasing from their store, but if you're resistant, it's easy to side-load books using Adobe Digital Editions or Calibre on either device.
I've used both the Nook and Kindle readers and purchased the Nook ST for my personal use because I prefer to have buttons as well as the touch screen.
Its wonderful (though you have to download Adobe Digital Editions, which is completely safe, to manage your library books with you Nook).The down side is that it is not backlit.
If your not the biggest reader, and you like to play gives, I recommend getting the Nook Tablet or Kindle Fire, NOT THE NOOK COLOR!
I didn't realize that if you buy books from B&N;, you can only read them on your Nook, and not on anything else.
So even though you paid for them, those books really aren't your property.
However, I just heard that their latest firmware update prevents you from reading any books except those bought from B&N.
If you hold the Nook too close to the screen, or at the top or bottom, the pop-up menu will appear or the dictionary will activate unintentionally.
The USB connection to the computer is standard, but the micro USB connection to the Nook itself is NOT!
You can only use the cord provided with the Nook to connect to your computer to transfer files or charge the batteries.
Excelent choice on a e-book reader small, light, and clear to read any book!
I fully recommend this e-book for gift or personal
(Not 1, because e-reader can use other friends/partners and read different books)- Remember each book stop reading page, if I restart book again.- Need slide toolbar for quick select directory, shelf  etc.
For instance, borrowing ebooks via my local library is a no-go if I want to read them on my Kindle.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
Well, controls are easy to learn, but in case you forget something, the user guide is already inside as your first available book.
You can buy ebooks from anywhere, download from Project Gutenberg or borrow from the local library and using adobe digital editions manage your library on the Nook.
Rooting also drastically reduces battery life dropping it from approximately 1 month battery life to 3 days or so with the standard android install but this can be brought back up to 1-2 weeks battery life by modifying a few of the system files.
Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.
One software update and two other fixes later, and it STILL drains the battery by the minute, lasting only about 8 hours, instead of the promised 2 months.
I imagine a new touch reader will probably be released within the next few months, but unless the user interface is majorly updated, it's hard to imagine I'd feel the need to upgrade, since the current version meets almost all of my needs perfectly well.
It's actually like a book, you have a digital paper in your hands.Excellent to read, you could change the font's size, the page's margins.Too, your nook is a ecological solution, because you only have to charge it as twice to month
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
My aging eyes feel much better after a couple hours with the Nook than after a couple hours straining to read the "fine print" that is typical of lower priced paperback books.If you want an e-reader primarily for magazines, you probably should buy the Nook Color or a small color tablet.
But Alas, there was also a chink in Nook's fine suit of armor; nay, not a chink but a fatal missing piece .
The touchscreen on the Nook STR is infrared (it senses the heat of your finger, again like iPhone), so a light touch works just fine.
(I'm writing my review in amazon because B&N; "Block" my review arguinf  it  violates the Terms of Use of B&N...; Ironic don't you think :/, anyway this is my original review of the ebook Reader)The readers is fine in general:Pros:- Nice physically materials- Best Graphic User Interface than Kindle- Nice e-ink screen- Great speed of screen refreshing- Touch screen response is wonderfulCons:- Physically buttons for Back and Forward are kind of hard To press- No Landscape Mode...
Consider to buy an additional memory card to increase the capacity of this device and to buy it from BluProton seller, they have one of the finest and most efficient services worldwide.
Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.
If you only want to read, this is fine.
It's actually like a book, you have a digital paper in your hands.Excellent to read, you could change the font's size, the page's margins.Too, your nook is a ecological solution, because you only have to charge it as twice to month
Easy to hold in hands, however I recommend you to buy a protective case for it to make your reading even easier and more comfortable.
However ummm the price here on amazon is a bit high its cheaper on bn website or at bestbuy.
Once that happens, you have access to the android market, email, web browser, and more importantly, you can get apps that are better than the default nook book reader.
Using the device is easy enough, but loading books from a library website (via Adobe Digital Editions) requires a few steps to complete.
If help is needed, it can be a positive relationship-building experience.One last plus - once you get your Nook STR, check the "Shop" tab to access B&Ns; website.
Also mobi and other file types can be easily converted to epub and organized using the free Calibre software you can download from the Calibre website.
if you just need an eReader with out browsing the web this is perfect.
Opera Mobile allows for web browsing; various RSS readers make keeping up with the news a cinch; Mango provides more manga than I can ever hope to read; you can even install Amazon's Kindle app for Android!
Still, having near-instant access to news, weather, email, books, comics, and most websites makes the Nook Simple Touch a great little device, especially if you can find one used.
Second, you cannot use the nook without connecting to the internet via wifi, and the nook cannot connect to wifi that needs you to enter a password over a web browser.
It's best to buy this device directly from Barnes & Noble, either the store or the website.
Get a tablet computer (I am partial to the Toshiba Thrive) if you want to play games, do email, browse the web, do video conferencing, etc.
There are a number of online websites that will allow you to upload Word docs and convert to epub for free.
This is a sold update to the older nook, but gez you have to hit the webs just to find out you need to charge it OVERNIGHT in a WALL PLUG only before first usage AND that it MUST be turned on before trying to connect to windows.
I know this borderline heresy on Amazon's website, however, I truly prefer the Nook experience over the Kindle!
If I want to buy something, I do it via my phone's nook app, or the web.-  While my battery life is good *now*, it wasn't so good when I first got it.
The newer models access the web, have apps, play games, do email and color.
It is easily charged from a micro USB connection and files can easily be copied from a PC.The crystal clear text and easy touch or button navigation make reading a pleasure.
The Nook makes it easy to chose a font style, a font size, single spacing or double spacing...you can customize the appearance of the text to your needs.It is easy to read the Nook indoors with any decent room lighting, and easy to read outdoors in the shade.
While I still pick  up a regular book, my nook is enjoyable, and easy to take along, doesn't rip or get torn up.
If you want a great ereader with no real flaws, the latest in ereader technology, an extraordinary battery life, and an easy to use interface than this is the ereader to get.I was stuck between the kindle touch and a nook simple touch but I chose the nook because it displays books better (has pictures and the actual book covers instead of just the title in words) and the Touch screen is a lot more responsive on the Nook Simple Touch than on the kindle touch.
Using the device is easy enough, but loading books from a library website (via Adobe Digital Editions) requires a few steps to complete.
Like the Sony reader, the nook can take notes but wouldn't be a great device to purchase for that purpose.It was pretty easy to set up- I didn't read the instruction manual, but I usually don't.
Fortunately there is an easy solution- there is a slot for a microSD card, and I happened to have a 2gb one lying around- plus they only cost about $5, if that.
4 stars because it's really easy to use, you can find a lot of books the battery lasts for about 2-3 weeks (and i read about 6 hours a day at least).The only disadvantage is that maybe i could use a little bigger screen.But in general it's worth it's money!
Tapping - when works - can take paging very very easy.
The unit fits nicely in the back pocket of my jeans or shorts, and it's trim and lightweight.There are convenient page turning buttons flanking the screen, making for easy one-handed operation in a subway.
The device itself is amazing...-great TOUCHSCREEN interface-perfect reading screen-clean looking design, small because there is no keyboard to make it bigger and it's smaller than the original Nook-reads formats natively that the Kindle won't-read all the ebooks you want in B&N; stores for free-library checkouts are easy-press and hold on a word to get its definition-highlight and take notes in a book easily...but when you ROOT the thing it gets even better!-Install the Gmail app to get your mail-get the Opera browser (supports Flash!
What I like about Nook (so far):-easy to use-has a memory card slot for more storage capacity-light and convenient to carry around-very good for a basic readerWhat I don't like:-sometimes the display appears fadedAll in all, I'm liking my new Nook.
I choose this product because it's capable of support diferent formats, I convert my pdf files in EPUB whit free programs (calibre and sigil) and mi readings are now easy and the graphics are visualized correctly.
I did have to "help" some of them,  but that was easy too, requiring just a touch on the download prompt.The touch keypad is larger and easier to use than on the 1st Gen, although with "fat fingers" or poor hand control,  a stylus makes a nice aid.Someone in another review forum said that the Simple Touch lacks the ability to highlight and make notes.
LIke Amazon, B&N; tries to lock readers in to purchasing from their store, but if you're resistant, it's easy to side-load books using Adobe Digital Editions or Calibre on either device.
Well, controls are easy to learn, but in case you forget something, the user guide is already inside as your first available book.
Rooting it is also a pain, and even though there are some rough edges in a fully unlocked android OS on an eink interface, I still think that it is better than the default software.
If you want a great ereader with no real flaws, the latest in ereader technology, an extraordinary battery life, and an easy to use interface than this is the ereader to get.I was stuck between the kindle touch and a nook simple touch but I chose the nook because it displays books better (has pictures and the actual book covers instead of just the title in words) and the Touch screen is a lot more responsive on the Nook Simple Touch than on the kindle touch.
The device itself is amazing...-great TOUCHSCREEN interface-perfect reading screen-clean looking design, small because there is no keyboard to make it bigger and it's smaller than the original Nook-reads formats natively that the Kindle won't-read all the ebooks you want in B&N; stores for free-library checkouts are easy-press and hold on a word to get its definition-highlight and take notes in a book easily...but when you ROOT the thing it gets even better!-Install the Gmail app to get your mail-get the Opera browser (supports Flash!
I imagine a new touch reader will probably be released within the next few months, but unless the user interface is majorly updated, it's hard to imagine I'd feel the need to upgrade, since the current version meets almost all of my needs perfectly well.
Buy a smartphone so you're conditioned to charge things more regularly :P- The rubber on the device is great for grippiness in your hand (and it won't go sliding from anywhere you put it unless a 8.0 earthquake hits), but it tends to attract dust and grime, and the type of rubber makes it *incredibly* hard to clean except with some kind of wet nap.Overall, it's the original nook, in a smaller package, with better battery life, a touchscreen, and a cleaner interface.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
I wish they would offer a silicone frame for it, because the cover I have for it adds more weight.
I will say that a cover really isn't necessary, the Simple Touch front has a rubberized frame that invites you to use without a cover though you might just want to use a cover for protection when you're not reading.
* Amazon has slightly better paid ebook coverage than does B&N;, and Kindle ebooks are often cheaper than Nook ebooks.
If you want a great ereader with no real flaws, the latest in ereader technology, an extraordinary battery life, and an easy to use interface than this is the ereader to get.I was stuck between the kindle touch and a nook simple touch but I chose the nook because it displays books better (has pictures and the actual book covers instead of just the title in words) and the Touch screen is a lot more responsive on the Nook Simple Touch than on the kindle touch.
Buying a cover and quality book light completes the package giving you the feel of a real book without the weight and the ability to read in bed at night ;) You can shop over a wifi network directly from your nook, while in Barnes and Noble read any nook book for free as long as you are there and connected to their wifi network, and you can even add your favorite social networks to share things with your friends.
However, it is useful to look up information in books that may be linked, or to post commentary on your Facebook / Google / Twitter accounts.One item which might prove important to a few, which I discovered to my disappointment is that the NOOK will not recognize a WiFi access point created by your cell phone.
If you have an ambitious child, or an impulse to manufacture a cover with the same or better functionality as the covers available for the device, it is absolutely worthwhile to pursue that angle.I would consider buying this device again given the offerings on the market now.
My aging eyes feel much better after a couple hours with the Nook than after a couple hours straining to read the "fine print" that is typical of lower priced paperback books.If you want an e-reader primarily for magazines, you probably should buy the Nook Color or a small color tablet.
My secondary use would be reading ePub books, I have a large collection.The reason chose the Nook Touch over the Kindle were:+ support for open ePub format.+ expandable storage with SD card slot+ touch works better than Kindle's keyboard+ I can root the Nook and install a proper browserSure, there are minus points for Nook too:- Amazon has many many more bestsellers and newspapers last time I checked.This does not really matter to me.- No option for 3G.
Kindle is a step forward with this "most have" feature.- The reader does not have the option to Lock the screen with a secret password or Dots combinations like Android phoness.
If you come across a word you are unfamiliar with you just touch it and up pops an option look it up.
There is no option to disable the touch screen while reading.I was required to connect the Nook to a B&N; account on setup.
You have to pick up a microSD card- Cant delete files or books, there is simply no option for it.
- fashionable design, I particularly like the white rim- the page turn buttons are sturdy(while others complained about the "stickyness" I actually preferred it)- love, love, love the shelves option - I work at a library and enjoy putting things where the
Remember that you have stored your credit card inside the account of the device!
I do not hold B&N; accountable for the content of this magazine, but I rated it as 1 star and unsubscribed and they still recommend other like minded subscriptions to me even though I've gotten other magazines and newspapers that I actually like since.
You need to create a B&N; account to get normal use of it.
You MUST tie a credit card to your B&N; account or you can't buy anything including FREE books!3.
Once you create a B&N; account, it is a pain in the butt to try to delete it.
You have to call and beg them to lose your information and delete the account.
There is no option to disable the touch screen while reading.I was required to connect the Nook to a B&N; account on setup.
You have to plug it into the computer and actually log into the account - then delete it there.
Similarly, if anyone found your child's Nook, they too could purchase anything using your credit card information.I tried get creative and purchased a gift card for my child but although this can create a credit on the child's account, B&N; still requires a credit card to be on-file in order to 'unlock' the book.
However, it is useful to look up information in books that may be linked, or to post commentary on your Facebook / Google / Twitter accounts.One item which might prove important to a few, which I discovered to my disappointment is that the NOOK will not recognize a WiFi access point created by your cell phone.
After that you can buy books with your credit card if everything works perfect which it never does.
Once that happens, you have access to the android market, email, web browser, and more importantly, you can get apps that are better than the default nook book reader.
price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc.
If you have an ambitious child, or an impulse to manufacture a cover with the same or better functionality as the covers available for the device, it is absolutely worthwhile to pursue that angle.I would consider buying this device again given the offerings on the market now.
In my opinion, the Nook Simple Touch is the best e-reader on the market because... well... it's simple.
You can page foreward by either hitting one of the two side buttons, tapping the right side of the screen, or making a swipe motion ANYWHERE on the screen.Amazon may have the slightly larger market, but B&N; is definitely winning in the hardware race for best simple tablet.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
I would assume most people buying an e-reader would want to take theirs with them outside of the house.
Im hoping for a patch.which means you have to plug it in usb and delete stuff from your desktop.Its very annoying.What Id like to see;- new screensavers for download- better support for PDF files- ability to read word doc- solar power, geez why not it only makes sense.
I would assume most people buying an e-reader would want to take theirs with them outside of the house.
It's tiny, portable, and even with my case fits perfectly in my purse for my morning commute.
The Nook fits easily in a small travel bag or purse.
Pros:Touch screenExcellent battery lifeSized well for pockets or pursesThe gestures are pretty intuitiveThe functionality of ePub books is very goodThe device is able to use books from other sources who use ePub or PDF format (library or other sourceCons:The on-board memory capacity is 236MB (!
Yet at Band N if you walk in, the same Nook is priced at $79 and you get a $20 gift card if you buy one .
Similarly, if anyone found your child's Nook, they too could purchase anything using your credit card information.I tried get creative and purchased a gift card for my child but although this can create a credit on the child's account, B&N; still requires a credit card to be on-file in order to 'unlock' the book.
On kindle reader you can change size of letters e book only if you bought them on Kindel store.
So have to wait to hear back from the company I bought it from for a return and then see if I can get a replacement that works.
So I bought this onerooCASE Executive Leather Portfolio (Magenta) Case Cover with Stand for Barnes and Noble Nook Simple Touch / Nook Simple Touch with Glow LightIt is absolutely fantastic, and inexpensive but not in any way cheap!!
However, I just heard that their latest firmware update prevents you from reading any books except those bought from B&N.
It is easily charged from a micro USB connection and files can easily be copied from a PC.The crystal clear text and easy touch or button navigation make reading a pleasure.
However, considering that B&N; is much less popular than its competitor, and popularity means software and application support, and it has no text or Word doc files support, and being extremely restrictive in order to not allow direct internet access to competitive or free content, I am strongly NOT RECOMMENDING purchase of the device.
You have to plug the Nook into a computer to delete files.
Rooting also drastically reduces battery life dropping it from approximately 1 month battery life to 3 days or so with the standard android install but this can be brought back up to 1-2 weeks battery life by modifying a few of the system files.
Pdf files are NOT viewable on your Kindle and the conversion process is complicated.
I could BUY a program to convert the files or I could pay Amazon "a small fee" to convert them for me.I took my Kindle BACK to Best Buy and spoke to another Sales guy that was very helpful and explained to me that the Nook will EASILY read my pdf books.
They needed too many personal data, before using the tool.It is also funny in case of an ebook reader.The PDF files that I copied to Nook  were not readable.
I even could not reach my files, because tapping needs for 'opening' the tools.
)Menu / keyboard items are not scalableNo parental filters / controlsNo on board method to manage files or memory usageThe small screen size decreases reading continuity at larger text sizes; no ability to view text in LandscapeApparently, Amazon really prefers you buy the Kindle, observing they are offering the NOOK for $40 more than for the price it is offered at Barnes and Noble.Summary:I own a Kindle and a NOOK Touch.
I choose this product because it's capable of support diferent formats, I convert my pdf files in EPUB whit free programs (calibre and sigil) and mi readings are now easy and the graphics are visualized correctly.
The Nook can also read your PDF files/documents from your PC or elsewhere, plus it can use your JPEG files of photos to use as your custom screensavers; the Nook will convert them to B&W.
You have to pick up a microSD card- Cant delete files or books, there is simply no option for it.
Im hoping for a patch.which means you have to plug it in usb and delete stuff from your desktop.Its very annoying.What Id like to see;- new screensavers for download- better support for PDF files- ability to read word doc- solar power, geez why not it only makes sense.
Instead I use an e-reader for my personal files (textbooks and news articles for example) and am left having to connect the device to my computer every.
But unfortunaly my test kindle file would not work on the nook, not the nooks fault as it reads files from everyone else.Choose the nook for it's simple touch.
You can only use the cord provided with the Nook to connect to your computer to transfer files or charge the batteries.
it is my first e-reader  ;) thank you...I recommend the Nook Simple Touch to any one who loves to read as I do.
The unit fits nicely in the back pocket of my jeans or shorts, and it's trim and lightweight.There are convenient page turning buttons flanking the screen, making for easy one-handed operation in a subway.
Also mobi and other file types can be easily converted to epub and organized using the free Calibre software you can download from the Calibre website.
sony reader for your computer is a epub & pdf reader 4 your computer that lets you download free internet books and copy them to the sony reader library ,where you can read the ebook on your computer and also sideload  a copy of the ebook,through the ubs2 cable  into your sony ereader - prs300the sony reader reconizes the sony ereader-prs 300 and allows sideloads.nook wieghts 6 oz and sony wieghts 8 oz, so not much difference in wieght.And nook has wi - fi ,in-case i want to pay $12.00 for a book instead of downloading the book for free on to my computer.There might just be a situation where i cant get to my computer to get a free book and i was so bored that i was willing to pay for a wi-fi book, but i dont think so.
You can side load any pdf or epub file, as well as downloading books from the store.
Not a deal-killer by any means, but something to consider if you're planning to add your own epub library to your nook.Kindle vs. Nook- I haven't owned a kindle, only used it for a few minutes, but my personal opinion as I decided which to purchase was this: price was important (and I got a great black friday deal on the nook), and since they were about the same price I wanted to support the more open epub format, since you can load books from other sources.
price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc.
You type in the name of a book into google and add "epub download" to the end, and somewhere on the first page of results is a working download (at least with every book I've had to try so far.)
Then I remembered that it won't do that; which makes this great for reading no matter what position you may be sitting or lying in.The Nook accepts epub books; which means that you can get books from a variety of stores, not just Barnes & Noble.
Download Calibre, bring your pdf's into it and then convert them into epubs.
There are a number of online websites that will allow you to upload Word docs and convert to epub for free.
Nook is awesome!The name sucks tough :)The price-quality ratio is great and this ereader, once rooted and running on android, can read just about any file type, no longer limited to epub and PDF (terrible format for ereaders).The delivery came way ahead of schedule, that was a pleasant surprise.So thanks AceElectronix and Barnes&Noble;!
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
If you want a great ereader with no real flaws, the latest in ereader technology, an extraordinary battery life, and an easy to use interface than this is the ereader to get.I was stuck between the kindle touch and a nook simple touch but I chose the nook because it displays books better (has pictures and the actual book covers instead of just the title in words) and the Touch screen is a lot more responsive on the Nook Simple Touch than on the kindle touch.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
Need a word definition?
However ummm the price here on amazon is a bit high its cheaper on bn website or at bestbuy.
From there you have to add the books to ADE then add them to your Nook, not a huge deal, but a few extra steps compared to the iPad.I also noticed that scrolling between pages had a bit of delay compared to the iPad and that when you were trying to use the scroll bar to advance more than a few pages at a time, it wasn't the most accurate.
My understanding is that I can go to local libraries and even borrow my books using my Nook; This may or may not be any special news.The touch screen is a bit sensitive on the device, so if you prefer not to use it, they are also tactile "buttons" that will allow you to change pages.
If you have an ambitious child, or an impulse to manufacture a cover with the same or better functionality as the covers available for the device, it is absolutely worthwhile to pursue that angle.I would consider buying this device again given the offerings on the market now.
Wish the screen were a bit brighter & that current books were available for less.
I also suggest that your purchase one CaseCrown leather Regal flip case sold through Amazon; they are high quality for a reasonable price.
But other than that and the simplicity I'd probably go with a kindle for legit purchases (also I'm pretty sure the nook has been officially abandoned by B&N;, which will of course make any syncing that may have existed even more problematic in the future.)
Of course another solution would be to 1.Acknowledge the problem, 2.State and estimated date when a resolution may be available.
Of course, you won't be able to use B&N; bookstore this way.Power it up but don't enter setup.
The screen itslef barely blinks even without any kind of special protection (of course if you don't try to put it right under the lightbulb).
You have to download everything onto your PC and transfer via the cable included.
Once that happens, you have access to the android market, email, web browser, and more importantly, you can get apps that are better than the default nook book reader.
Second, you cannot use the nook without connecting to the internet via wifi, and the nook cannot connect to wifi that needs you to enter a password over a web browser.
Even though the nook can be a potentially great e-reader, the reading experience for an e-reader is most important - and that's where this falls extremely short.The biggest obstacle comes to the usage of the dictionary.
Kindle is a step forward with this "most have" feature.- The reader does not have the option to Lock the screen with a secret password or Dots combinations like Android phoness.
There have been several occasions where my father-in-law (who is ok with technology) has called up and spent hours on the phone with my husband trying to figure out how to get a book onto the nook.I would not recommend this unless you plan to purchase only from the Nook itself.
Various contacts via on-line support chat, telephone support and visits to Barnes and Noble stores have yielded the following:  The people on the other end of the conversation basically have no knowlege of the problem and direct you through a series of needless exercises in hopes that something will work.
However, it is useful to look up information in books that may be linked, or to post commentary on your Facebook / Google / Twitter accounts.One item which might prove important to a few, which I discovered to my disappointment is that the NOOK will not recognize a WiFi access point created by your cell phone.
If I want to buy something, I do it via my phone's nook app, or the web.-  While my battery life is good *now*, it wasn't so good when I first got it.
Buy a smartphone so you're conditioned to charge things more regularly :P- The rubber on the device is great for grippiness in your hand (and it won't go sliding from anywhere you put it unless a 8.0 earthquake hits), but it tends to attract dust and grime, and the type of rubber makes it *incredibly* hard to clean except with some kind of wet nap.Overall, it's the original nook, in a smaller package, with better battery life, a touchscreen, and a cleaner interface.
You can even put amazon's android kindle reader on it as well.The reason for the relatively low rating is that all of these features and functionality should have been unlocked by default.
You can toggle this feature on & off, and there is an Amazon site that lets you view readers' highlighting for ANY book--not just the books you own.
Since there are page-turn buttons, it would be helpful if the Nook had a feature to temporarily disable the touch screen.
Kindle is a step forward with this "most have" feature.- The reader does not have the option to Lock the screen with a secret password or Dots combinations like Android phoness.
But the downside with those is that the LCD type display cannot be read in direct sunlight so good luck at the beach or pool.One nice feature I use now and then is the dictionary.
You must delete every thing all at once and start from empty all over again.A very bad feature nook should change as soon as possible.The saving grace is the large 500 book capacity of the nook and the slot to install a 32 gb flash drive memory stick so that nook can hold 1000 books.
Also, I've heard that you get free coupons and even occasionally a free book when you enter B&N; -- haven't gotten to try that feature out yet, my campus bookstore isn't officially a real B&N;, but I'm looking forward to it.Wifi: the Nook doesn't generate its own hotspot, but considering that practically everywhere you're going to go is jumping on the wifi bandwagon you shouldn't need one.
B/N has Free Fridays - when you can download a featured book for free -, book share -with contacts on your device and social networks, and free reading of selected books when you are in B/N.
If you turn off WIFI, which should be normal unless you are looking for another book, the battery doesn't need recharging for weeks on end.
Rooting also drastically reduces battery life dropping it from approximately 1 month battery life to 3 days or so with the standard android install but this can be brought back up to 1-2 weeks battery life by modifying a few of the system files.
Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.
I have had my nook simple touch for a few weeks now- I previously owned a Sony Reader pocket edition, and I own a iPad.
4 stars because it's really easy to use, you can find a lot of books the battery lasts for about 2-3 weeks (and i read about 6 hours a day at least).The only disadvantage is that maybe i could use a little bigger screen.But in general it's worth it's money!
I heartily recommend the Nook Touch.Battery: Depending on usage levels you don't have to charge it too often, I read on mine in breaks between classes and when I have an assignment for an English class and only have to charge it every couple of weeks.
But unfortunaly my test kindle file would not work on the nook, not the nooks fault as it reads files from everyone else.Choose the nook for it's simple touch.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
The touch screen is intuitive and responsive, the ebooks look great, and best of all, no hidden ads!
The Nook makes it easy to chose a font style, a font size, single spacing or double spacing...you can customize the appearance of the text to your needs.It is easy to read the Nook indoors with any decent room lighting, and easy to read outdoors in the shade.
Because I can increase font size and use double-spacing on the Nook, it is much easier to read on the Nook than in the paperback book.
Ironic, considering the Nook is their direct competitor.One thing to take into consideration is that the page numbers are synced with the actual pages of the ebook, regardless of font size or line spacing, so you can turn through page 85 two or three times before getting to page 86.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
Aside from that, highly recommend!
But it's great to take on the go, the batter lasts a long time and you can read with it outside.
I would assume most people buying an e-reader would want to take theirs with them outside of the house.
However, considering that B&N; is much less popular than its competitor, and popularity means software and application support, and it has no text or Word doc files support, and being extremely restrictive in order to not allow direct internet access to competitive or free content, I am strongly NOT RECOMMENDING purchase of the device.
The Nook is definitely worth the money, even though it costs considerably more than a book would.
This Nook model is not available for sale outside the US, for good reason, though.
Also, you cannot make a purchase with B&N; from outside the US, on this machine.
Ironic, considering the Nook is their direct competitor.One thing to take into consideration is that the page numbers are synced with the actual pages of the ebook, regardless of font size or line spacing, so you can turn through page 85 two or three times before getting to page 86.
Also the buttons on the side that can be used to turn the page (if you dont wanna touch the screen) on the Nook Simple Touch are great and come in handy!
Touch the screen on the right side of the page (to go forward) or the left side (to go back).
Remember that you have stored your credit card inside the account of the device!
EDIT:  A year later...  the page buttons on the right side stick or don't work most of the time.
But the downside with those is that the LCD type display cannot be read in direct sunlight so good luck at the beach or pool.One nice feature I use now and then is the dictionary.
The buttons require you to either press in just the right place, or press too hard, so there is always a pause to see if it did turn, or if I should hit it again.- The realization that I have to pick sides early in the Amazon vs. B&N; battle since the books I'm buying may not work on the devices of the future, and for the short term, they definitely will not work.
Consider to buy an additional memory card to increase the capacity of this device and to buy it from BluProton seller, they have one of the finest and most efficient services worldwide.
this is done through the usb cable that plugs into the side of your ereader and also recharges the battery of your ereader, while you sideload or just for recharging.all ebooks should be backed up on computer hard drive first because there is no retrieving an ebook from a ereader .
Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.
the email address for sony reader is inside sony ereader.
sony reader for your computer is a epub & pdf reader 4 your computer that lets you download free internet books and copy them to the sony reader library ,where you can read the ebook on your computer and also sideload  a copy of the ebook,through the ubs2 cable  into your sony ereader - prs300the sony reader reconizes the sony ereader-prs 300 and allows sideloads.nook wieghts 6 oz and sony wieghts 8 oz, so not much difference in wieght.And nook has wi - fi ,in-case i want to pay $12.00 for a book instead of downloading the book for free on to my computer.There might just be a situation where i cant get to my computer to get a free book and i was so bored that i was willing to pay for a wi-fi book, but i dont think so.
adobe lets you look at/read-- the book on your computer and see if you want to sideload it into your nook.
You can side load any pdf or epub file, as well as downloading books from the store.
Not a deal-killer by any means, but something to consider if you're planning to add your own epub library to your nook.Kindle vs. Nook- I haven't owned a kindle, only used it for a few minutes, but my personal opinion as I decided which to purchase was this: price was important (and I got a great black friday deal on the nook), and since they were about the same price I wanted to support the more open epub format, since you can load books from other sources.
Notably: to close one book (so you can open another), press the Nook button below the screen (the thing that looks like an upside-down U) and enter "library."
You can turn a page with just a tap of your finger on the screen, or press a side bar.
)I have never in my life written a review for a product- good or bad (even though I do a large amount of shopping online), but my experience with my Nook Touch has upset me greatly, and I would like to warn others shopping for an e-reader to consider my experience beforehand so that they make a well informed decision.
(2) Even if I didn't, I could still buy books for the Google eBookstore at Google Play using a computer with an internet conection.Other things to consider:- Will you be reading books or daily publications more?
Save the time and just buy the book or really lose your mind a go to a used book store and buy any book you want for around a dollar and finally don't even consider calling tech support they are useless.
You can use this just like a book outside in the sun.
Press lightly on the outside rim of the page to turn it either way, press buttons on either side to turn the page the same direction that you have been turning.
Also, I've heard that you get free coupons and even occasionally a free book when you enter B&N; -- haven't gotten to try that feature out yet, my campus bookstore isn't officially a real B&N;, but I'm looking forward to it.Wifi: the Nook doesn't generate its own hotspot, but considering that practically everywhere you're going to go is jumping on the wifi bandwagon you shouldn't need one.
It's speculative to say whether or not this is a security measure based on my information set, but it is an issue that I'm sure at least a few others will wish to have known before purchasing.A case is a worthwhile consideration.
If you have an ambitious child, or an impulse to manufacture a cover with the same or better functionality as the covers available for the device, it is absolutely worthwhile to pursue that angle.I would consider buying this device again given the offerings on the market now.
Overall I do like it, but it needs improvement.My favorite use of the Nook is to borrow my local library's digital books using the free Overdrive Media Console software which allows you to select & save your library (ies) and to directly access the digital library from it on your PC, and then sideload (drag & drop)the borrowed books to your Nook; no more time wasted or trips through rush hour traffic to browse, borrow or return books downtown, and no more parking hassles!
Metadata from sideloaded content doesn't show up, and even purchased content requires you to be on wifi to see more information.That's about it.
You can page foreward by either hitting one of the two side buttons, tapping the right side of the screen, or making a swipe motion ANYWHERE on the screen.Amazon may have the slightly larger market, but B&N; is definitely winning in the hardware race for best simple tablet.
LIke Amazon, B&N; tries to lock readers in to purchasing from their store, but if you're resistant, it's easy to side-load books using Adobe Digital Editions or Calibre on either device.
Its wonderful (though you have to download Adobe Digital Editions, which is completely safe, to manage your library books with you Nook).The down side is that it is not backlit.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
Well, controls are easy to learn, but in case you forget something, the user guide is already inside as your first available book.
Because I can increase font size and use double-spacing on the Nook, it is much easier to read on the Nook than in the paperback book.
I wish they would offer a silicone frame for it, because the cover I have for it adds more weight.
I will say that a cover really isn't necessary, the Simple Touch front has a rubberized frame that invites you to use without a cover though you might just want to use a cover for protection when you're not reading.
I would assume most people buying an e-reader would want to take theirs with them outside of the house.
They are basically quite similar devices.My primary use is going to be reading product manuals and datasheets that are as a matter of unwrittenrule in the PDF format.
My secondary use would be reading ePub books, I have a large collection.The reason chose the Nook Touch over the Kindle were:+ support for open ePub format.+ expandable storage with SD card slot+ touch works better than Kindle's keyboard+ I can root the Nook and install a proper browserSure, there are minus points for Nook too:- Amazon has many many more bestsellers and newspapers last time I checked.This does not really matter to me.- No option for 3G.
I could definitely use a light on my Nook.A Nook is definitely a great product if you're looking for a e-ink reader without the annoying backlight that you get from computers and tablets.
The default software is not compatible with many would-be useful formats such as txt or rtf.
For all people confused on whether to get a nook or kindle...hopefully this helps!After hours of researching countless articles and watching reviews, I thought the nook would be the best choice for me.
For some reason buttons make me feel very comfortable, but I do however use the touch screen every once in a while.
You can use a computer and login using your acount.
From this one user's experience: if you go with Nook, hope that you won't need their customer service.
I understand you should do some research on products before you buy them but reading the users guide may be a stretch.
I might as well use my netbook or go all the way to a real tablet, and that won't be from B+N.Here are the problems with the whole Nook thing.
(1) You can't use it for a PDF, magazine, or anything with graphics because YOU CANNOT ZOOM OR ROTATE.
If you want a great ereader with no real flaws, the latest in ereader technology, an extraordinary battery life, and an easy to use interface than this is the ereader to get.I was stuck between the kindle touch and a nook simple touch but I chose the nook because it displays books better (has pictures and the actual book covers instead of just the title in words) and the Touch screen is a lot more responsive on the Nook Simple Touch than on the kindle touch.
Also the buttons on the side that can be used to turn the page (if you dont wanna touch the screen) on the Nook Simple Touch are great and come in handy!
Easy to use, bright screen and since its capacity can be expanded up to 32 gb by adding a micro sd card I think it is better than a Kindle.
although if you can afford a simple touch with glow i would say get that one for the light.the only thing you have to get use to is the screen being a little jumpy when you switch from one thing to another.
However I love going to the Barnes & Noble store because if you take your Nook, you are able to read any Nook book for free for up to 1 hour per day without purchasing it.
Looking up a word in the dictionary can be accessed only through the touch screen and it is always responsive, BUT it might be frustrating for someone with big fingers because touching the screen and highlighting the intended word to look up might result with the device highlighting the word above or below it.
(I'm writing my review in amazon because B&N; "Block" my review arguinf  it  violates the Terms of Use of B&N...; Ironic don't you think :/, anyway this is my original review of the ebook Reader)The readers is fine in general:Pros:- Nice physically materials- Best Graphic User Interface than Kindle- Nice e-ink screen- Great speed of screen refreshing- Touch screen response is wonderfulCons:- Physically buttons for Back and Forward are kind of hard To press- No Landscape Mode...
I don't understand why :(- No Web Browser or RSS reader app or something like that- PDF reader usually do not render properly if the pdf has Tables, Bullets, Images and other graphic different from text.- You Can Not Delete, move or rename Files from the device User Interface, you always have to connect it to the computer to do this actions... this makes you waist a lot of time.- The device has a hidden partition used to store the books you purchased at B&N; store.
But the downside with those is that the LCD type display cannot be read in direct sunlight so good luck at the beach or pool.One nice feature I use now and then is the dictionary.
The buttons require you to either press in just the right place, or press too hard, so there is always a pause to see if it did turn, or if I should hit it again.- The realization that I have to pick sides early in the Amazon vs. B&N; battle since the books I'm buying may not work on the devices of the future, and for the short term, they definitely will not work.
When you buy a Nook, you cannot assume to use it unless someone has told you ahead of time that the purchase, unlike any other electronic device, does not include a charger.
Rooting can be a long task if your not use to android terminology although if your already familiar with developing on android its a pretty simple process.
this is done through the usb cable that plugs into the side of your ereader and also recharges the battery of your ereader, while you sideload or just for recharging.all ebooks should be backed up on computer hard drive first because there is no retrieving an ebook from a ereader .
Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.
the filthy rich would like the wi fi 12.99 book ,though.I thought that the nook touch screen would be cool , but it is kind of a pain the the butt because the nook changes pages when ever your finger gets even close to the screen, weather you want to change pages or not.
It's great because it's light, it's portable(it fits in my pocket!
Not a deal-killer by any means, but something to consider if you're planning to add your own epub library to your nook.Kindle vs. Nook- I haven't owned a kindle, only used it for a few minutes, but my personal opinion as I decided which to purchase was this: price was important (and I got a great black friday deal on the nook), and since they were about the same price I wanted to support the more open epub format, since you can load books from other sources.
4 stars because it's really easy to use, you can find a lot of books the battery lasts for about 2-3 weeks (and i read about 6 hours a day at least).The only disadvantage is that maybe i could use a little bigger screen.But in general it's worth it's money!
The item is very complicated to use if you want to download public library books.
Still, having near-instant access to news, weather, email, books, comics, and most websites makes the Nook Simple Touch a great little device, especially if you can find one used.
I didnt buy it on amazon because it was WAY TO EXPENSIVE but I got mine for 140$ at Best Buy or you can get it at Barns and Noble for the same price.
I even could not reach my files, because tapping needs for 'opening' the tools.
You need to create a B&N; account to get normal use of it.
The device itself is amazing...-great TOUCHSCREEN interface-perfect reading screen-clean looking design, small because there is no keyboard to make it bigger and it's smaller than the original Nook-reads formats natively that the Kindle won't-read all the ebooks you want in B&N; stores for free-library checkouts are easy-press and hold on a word to get its definition-highlight and take notes in a book easily...but when you ROOT the thing it gets even better!-Install the Gmail app to get your mail-get the Opera browser (supports Flash!
)-install the Kindle app and you can read Kindle ebooks too-Put it in host mode to attach an external keyboard-Make sure to get the Home Button Savior app so you can switch back and forth between the B&N; reader and the rest of the device's functionality.I used these instructions:[Amazon removed my link.
Second, you cannot use the nook without connecting to the internet via wifi, and the nook cannot connect to wifi that needs you to enter a password over a web browser.
From there you have to add the books to ADE then add them to your Nook, not a huge deal, but a few extra steps compared to the iPad.I also noticed that scrolling between pages had a bit of delay compared to the iPad and that when you were trying to use the scroll bar to advance more than a few pages at a time, it wasn't the most accurate.
But where it shines is when I refuse to buy a book because the publishers are being greedy (eg, Dance with Dragons by George RR Martin, game of thrones series...
What I like about Nook (so far):-easy to use-has a memory card slot for more storage capacity-light and convenient to carry around-very good for a basic readerWhat I don't like:-sometimes the display appears fadedAll in all, I'm liking my new Nook.
I got excuses like: they warehouse is busy, and you have to send yours back first (even though the standard protocol involves getting the new one before sending yours back).At this point, I don't even want it anymore.
Amazon and B & N are too greedy trying to push stuff on the users as they feel like, at the users expense.I will try to get a new Android tablet instead (for reading, and Internet browsing).
works excellence  for me would recommend the use of this product more buyers.
Save the time and just buy the book or really lose your mind a go to a used book store and buy any book you want for around a dollar and finally don't even consider calling tech support they are useless.
You can use this just like a book outside in the sun.
the touch screen works better than i thought it would and seems scratch resistnant, i prefer it to the ones with buttons because you dont have to push to turn the page.
Since my 12 year-old daughter purchased this herself with her own money, I have no choice but to either tell her to eat the unit or use my credit card without any parental control.
I suppose if the device is owned by an adult this model would work, however if you are contemplating this as a gift for your child, I'd avoid any device related to B&N; altogether.I give them 2 starts for the hardware only but otherwise the device, in this case, is useless.
eBoook is realy simple touch reader whith a correct price and very useful on day by day travel to my office.It is exactly the device that I want.
The Nook and all other major e-readers use EPUB, a now-standard file format for e-books.
What this means in practical terms is that you pretty much have to buy all of your books from Amazon - and forget about taking them with you if you ever decide another e-reader is the better platform for you.I refuse to be a party to that kind of lock-in, which is why I am very happy with my Nook Simple Touch.
However since it uses android you can easily root it and install apps that allows you to read Kindle books and pretty much anything else your heart desires.
For a user who only want's the basics, this is perfect.
Either way will be useful depending on how you are holding the book.
I absolutely LOVE my Nook Simple Touch, and I use it for several hours every day.
My understanding is that I can go to local libraries and even borrow my books using my Nook; This may or may not be any special news.The touch screen is a bit sensitive on the device, so if you prefer not to use it, they are also tactile "buttons" that will allow you to change pages.
You can create shelves that you name on which to house your books by categories.
Pros:Touch screenExcellent battery lifeSized well for pockets or pursesThe gestures are pretty intuitiveThe functionality of ePub books is very goodThe device is able to use books from other sources who use ePub or PDF format (library or other sourceCons:The on-board memory capacity is 236MB (!
The on-screen keyboard / menu items are actually useful to the consumers who really could benefit from these devices more than anyone: the elderly.
However, it is useful to look up information in books that may be linked, or to post commentary on your Facebook / Google / Twitter accounts.One item which might prove important to a few, which I discovered to my disappointment is that the NOOK will not recognize a WiFi access point created by your cell phone.
It is because the NOOK is running on Android (according to the developers of the WMWifiRouter application).
Carrying the NOOK in one's pocket can create some issues with the touch screen, and it tends otherwise to cause the device to crash.
Of course, you won't be able to use B&N; bookstore this way.Power it up but don't enter setup.
I choose this product because it's capable of support diferent formats, I convert my pdf files in EPUB whit free programs (calibre and sigil) and mi readings are now easy and the graphics are visualized correctly.
Overall I do like it, but it needs improvement.My favorite use of the Nook is to borrow my local library's digital books using the free Overdrive Media Console software which allows you to select & save your library (ies) and to directly access the digital library from it on your PC, and then sideload (drag & drop)the borrowed books to your Nook; no more time wasted or trips through rush hour traffic to browse, borrow or return books downtown, and no more parking hassles!
Borrowed library books can be returned automatically when the loan periods expire, or can be returned manually earlier if you decide not to finish the book during the loan period.Ordinarily I don't buy many fiction books because I rarely read any of them more than once.
The Nook can also read your PDF files/documents from your PC or elsewhere, plus it can use your JPEG files of photos to use as your custom screensavers; the Nook will convert them to B&W.
The nook seems to work great now that I can use it, but using barnes and noble for you ebooks might not be the best idea.
on time delivery, product as listed, great reader and simple to use even for a beginner would recommend just like reading a book
Wifi Connectivity:What the **** is the point of having wifi if you can only use it for downloading purchases from B&N.
Instead I use an e-reader for my personal files (textbooks and news articles for example) and am left having to connect the device to my computer every.
I imagine a new touch reader will probably be released within the next few months, but unless the user interface is majorly updated, it's hard to imagine I'd feel the need to upgrade, since the current version meets almost all of my needs perfectly well.
She loved it and said it was the only one her school would let her use to get school books.
It's actually like a book, you have a digital paper in your hands.Excellent to read, you could change the font's size, the page's margins.Too, your nook is a ecological solution, because you only have to charge it as twice to month
Or they have friends that used Kindle and don't want to venture out on their own.First the Nook feels better.
Some might not like it because you have to push pretty hard, but that's by design.Second the platform is user friendly and great to navigate.Third the font choices are better and you get several more to choose from.
I did have to "help" some of them,  but that was easy too, requiring just a touch on the download prompt.The touch keypad is larger and easier to use than on the 1st Gen, although with "fat fingers" or poor hand control,  a stylus makes a nice aid.Someone in another review forum said that the Simple Touch lacks the ability to highlight and make notes.
This is clearly a bait-n-switch because none of this is mentioned if you buy it in a physical store.The Nook comes with no advertisements and is a wonderful reading experience!
In my opinion, the Nook Simple Touch is the best e-reader on the market because... well... it's simple.
The infrared sensor that's used to detect touch requires a lot of patience and single-letter typing.
I've used both the Nook and Kindle readers and purchased the Nook ST for my personal use because I prefer to have buttons as well as the touch screen.
You can only use the cord provided with the Nook to connect to your computer to transfer files or charge the batteries.
You can't use the standard USB cord that works with all of your other electronic gadgets, like your digital camera or your portable hard drive.
(Not 1, because e-reader can use other friends/partners and read different books)- Remember each book stop reading page, if I restart book again.- Need slide toolbar for quick select directory, shelf  etc.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
Well, controls are easy to learn, but in case you forget something, the user guide is already inside as your first available book.
)I have never in my life written a review for a product- good or bad (even though I do a large amount of shopping online), but my experience with my Nook Touch has upset me greatly, and I would like to warn others shopping for an e-reader to consider my experience beforehand so that they make a well informed decision.
This model doesn't have all the bells and whistles of the others Nooks but, in my opinion, you don't need them.A note about battery life - it's amazing!
It's speculative to say whether or not this is a security measure based on my information set, but it is an issue that I'm sure at least a few others will wish to have known before purchasing.A case is a worthwhile consideration.
- fashionable design, I particularly like the white rim- the page turn buttons are sturdy(while others complained about the "stickyness" I actually preferred it)- love, love, love the shelves option - I work at a library and enjoy putting things where the
My secondary use would be reading ePub books, I have a large collection.The reason chose the Nook Touch over the Kindle were:+ support for open ePub format.+ expandable storage with SD card slot+ touch works better than Kindle's keyboard+ I can root the Nook and install a proper browserSure, there are minus points for Nook too:- Amazon has many many more bestsellers and newspapers last time I checked.This does not really matter to me.- No option for 3G.
There is no "period", or "dot", in the numerical keyboard, so it is not possible to enter another url, either to make a purchase from another bookseller, or, more importantly from my point of view, to log on to the local library (this would appear to apply to local US libraries as well; what a waste of WiFi!).
Virtual keyboard keys appear onscreen when you need to search for something.
The device itself is amazing...-great TOUCHSCREEN interface-perfect reading screen-clean looking design, small because there is no keyboard to make it bigger and it's smaller than the original Nook-reads formats natively that the Kindle won't-read all the ebooks you want in B&N; stores for free-library checkouts are easy-press and hold on a word to get its definition-highlight and take notes in a book easily...but when you ROOT the thing it gets even better!-Install the Gmail app to get your mail-get the Opera browser (supports Flash!
)-install the Kindle app and you can read Kindle ebooks too-Put it in host mode to attach an external keyboard-Make sure to get the Home Button Savior app so you can switch back and forth between the B&N; reader and the rest of the device's functionality.I used these instructions:[Amazon removed my link.
)Menu / keyboard items are not scalableNo parental filters / controlsNo on board method to manage files or memory usageThe small screen size decreases reading continuity at larger text sizes; no ability to view text in LandscapeApparently, Amazon really prefers you buy the Kindle, observing they are offering the NOOK for $40 more than for the price it is offered at Barnes and Noble.Summary:I own a Kindle and a NOOK Touch.
The on-screen keyboard / menu items are actually useful to the consumers who really could benefit from these devices more than anyone: the elderly.
The eReader UI experience should be closer to an iPhone experience, instead of a VCR timer event recording from the 80's (like it is).
Recommendation to B&N, get different software development team with experience writing bulletproof production code for 2.0.
In unfortunate contrast, Kindle offers a generic Serif, a generic Sans Serif, & something they call "Condensed".Nook's screen is crystal clear & glare resistant; and their lovely fonts provide an elegant reading experience.I must confess to you, I found Nook's Font Superiority Compelling, and when combined with the fact that the device itself sports a superior, more elegant design, I truly wanted Nook to prevail in this contest.
From this one user's experience: if you go with Nook, hope that you won't need their customer service.
If help is needed, it can be a positive relationship-building experience.One last plus - once you get your Nook STR, check the "Shop" tab to access B&Ns; website.
; I do not yet have any experience putting ebooks from a third party on this device and I have not inserted an SD card either so I cannot comment on that.- Battery Life - The battery life is EXCELLENT.
They were so inexpensive I got one for me & one for my wife.I find the reading experience with the Simple Touch great.
I hope you have a better experience with your NOOK- if, that is, you decide to buy this older model.
)I have never in my life written a review for a product- good or bad (even though I do a large amount of shopping online), but my experience with my Nook Touch has upset me greatly, and I would like to warn others shopping for an e-reader to consider my experience beforehand so that they make a well informed decision.
Even though the nook can be a potentially great e-reader, the reading experience for an e-reader is most important - and that's where this falls extremely short.The biggest obstacle comes to the usage of the dictionary.
Create a strong and exquisite foundation for a great reading experience and add graphics on top, rather than adding modernity to a product at the cost of the quality of the reading experience.
I know this borderline heresy on Amazon's website, however, I truly prefer the Nook experience over the Kindle!
This is clearly a bait-n-switch because none of this is mentioned if you buy it in a physical store.The Nook comes with no advertisements and is a wonderful reading experience!
I wish it lit up in the dark so you could continue reading when it was time for lights out, but I just ordered a light for it so that should help.
However, considering that B&N; is much less popular than its competitor, and popularity means software and application support, and it has no text or Word doc files support, and being extremely restrictive in order to not allow direct internet access to competitive or free content, I am strongly NOT RECOMMENDING purchase of the device.
Learning point: never order something online in the "My Nook - My Library" and expect to actually read it.I also do not like the way that newspapers and magazines are presented.
Similarly, if anyone found your child's Nook, they too could purchase anything using your credit card information.I tried get creative and purchased a gift card for my child but although this can create a credit on the child's account, B&N; still requires a credit card to be on-file in order to 'unlock' the book.
While you can delete your credit card from B&N;, the process is well hidden and you would need to add a card, order, download, sync, unlock, and then delete the card in order to get each purchase on the device.
I know this borderline heresy on Amazon's website, however, I truly prefer the Nook experience over the Kindle!
In contrast, my color e-reader requires charging each day.Magazines look MUCH better on my color e-reader, but magazine text is very readable on the Nook.
