So don't be spooked about buying one due to this problem - if it happens to you, exchange it.Going back to library books, I had to install Adobe Digital Editions onto my PC (my library had the link to download - free).

Using the Adobe Digital software to unlock library books with the nook was a headache at first, and I'm a librarian who is somewhat tech-savy.

The item is very complicated to use if you want to download public library books.

Borrowed library books can be returned automatically when the loan periods expire, or can be returned manually earlier if you decide not to finish the book during the loan period.Ordinarily I don't buy many fiction books because I rarely read any of them more than once.

Its wonderful (though you have to download Adobe Digital Editions, which is completely safe, to manage your library books with you Nook).The down side is that it is not backlit.

Two points only:1) The ereader device is wonderful2) DO NOT purchase ebooks from B&N; as they contain additional security restrictions that make it extremely difficult / not possible to compile into Adobe Digital Edition for transfer to other ereader devices.

I was given a Nook touch screen for Christmas and while excited, I really didn't want to convert to an e reader.

* Expandable storage slot* Excellent support for open book formats* Touch screen* Even smaller and compact.If you are OK with 6 to 8 hours of battery, go for Nook Color and root it.

I do not buy anything that is not fully touch screen if it can be.

For some reason buttons make me feel very comfortable, but I do however use the touch screen every once in a while.

In unfortunate contrast, Kindle offers a generic Serif, a generic Sans Serif, & something they call "Condensed".Nook's screen is crystal clear & glare resistant; and their lovely fonts provide an elegant reading experience.I must confess to you, I found Nook's Font Superiority Compelling, and when combined with the fact that the device itself sports a superior, more elegant design, I truly wanted Nook to prevail in this contest.

If you want a great ereader with no real flaws, the latest in ereader technology, an extraordinary battery life, and an easy to use interface than this is the ereader to get.I was stuck between the kindle touch and a nook simple touch but I chose the nook because it displays books better (has pictures and the actual book covers instead of just the title in words) and the Touch screen is a lot more responsive on the Nook Simple Touch than on the kindle touch.

Also the buttons on the side that can be used to turn the page (if you dont wanna touch the screen) on the Nook Simple Touch are great and come in handy!

On the Nook STR, the Library screen shows icons for all the ebooks loaded in the device (both library and purchased).

Touch the screen on the right side of the page (to go forward) or the left side (to go back).

Or swipe your finger across the screen as in flipping a physical book page.

The touchscreen on the Nook STR is infrared (it senses the heat of your finger, again like iPhone), so a light touch works just fine.

Easy to use, bright screen and since its capacity can be expanded up to 32 gb by adding a micro sd card I think it is better than a Kindle.

although if you can afford a simple touch with glow i would say get that one for the light.the only thing you have to get use to is the screen being a little jumpy when you switch from one thing to another.

Sometimes while reading a book I will accidently touch the screen and the menu will pop up or the page will turn.

Since there are page-turn buttons, it would be helpful if the Nook had a feature to temporarily disable the touch screen.

Looking up a word in the dictionary can be accessed only through the touch screen and it is always responsive, BUT it might be frustrating for someone with big fingers because touching the screen and highlighting the intended word to look up might result with the device highlighting the word above or below it.

(I'm writing my review in amazon because B&N; "Block" my review arguinf  it  violates the Terms of Use of B&N...; Ironic don't you think :/, anyway this is my original review of the ebook Reader)The readers is fine in general:Pros:- Nice physically materials- Best Graphic User Interface than Kindle- Nice e-ink screen- Great speed of screen refreshing- Touch screen response is wonderfulCons:- Physically buttons for Back and Forward are kind of hard To press- No Landscape Mode...

Kindle is a step forward with this "most have" feature.- The reader does not have the option to Lock the screen with a secret password or Dots combinations like Android phoness.

I liked the Kindle's sleek looks more than the Nook, but the screen on this is definitely better for reading (can't speak for the new Kindle Paper White).

Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.

the filthy rich would like the wi fi 12.99 book ,though.I thought that the nook touch screen would be cool , but it is kind of a pain the the butt because the nook changes pages when ever your finger gets even close to the screen, weather you want to change pages or not.

If nook make a large screen e-ink e-reader, may be 9 inch or A4.

Touch screen is very good and grat reading aunctions, higher than espectations, would have enjoyed however more extra functionalities on this model, such as listening to music.

4 stars because it's really easy to use, you can find a lot of books the battery lasts for about 2-3 weeks (and i read about 6 hours a day at least).The only disadvantage is that maybe i could use a little bigger screen.But in general it's worth it's money!

TEXTBOOK USER beware though that charts and tables are at a fixed size and cannot be enlarged.Overall very happy and most of all I love not looking at a backlit screen for enjoyment.

price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc.

On-screen Buttons and finger gestures make the magic happen, and this is one device you are sure to LOVE TO USE.

Virtual keyboard keys appear onscreen when you need to search for something.

The unit fits nicely in the back pocket of my jeans or shorts, and it's trim and lightweight.There are convenient page turning buttons flanking the screen, making for easy one-handed operation in a subway.

Notably: to close one book (so you can open another), press the Nook button below the screen (the thing that looks like an upside-down U) and enter "library."

*Barnes & Noble actually has stores to go and ask questions*On the nook, you can change the wallpaper/screensaver.

You can turn a page with just a tap of your finger on the screen, or press a side bar.

The device itself is amazing...-great TOUCHSCREEN interface-perfect reading screen-clean looking design, small because there is no keyboard to make it bigger and it's smaller than the original Nook-reads formats natively that the Kindle won't-read all the ebooks you want in B&N; stores for free-library checkouts are easy-press and hold on a word to get its definition-highlight and take notes in a book easily...but when you ROOT the thing it gets even better!-Install the Gmail app to get your mail-get the Opera browser (supports Flash!

There is no option to disable the touch screen while reading.I was required to connect the Nook to a B&N; account on setup.

For example, the Nook has a home-page and a very simple menu to orient yourself between different screens.

Press near the top right corner to "bookmark" the page, press in the middle of the screen to open up a small main menu (from which you can access your homepage, your library, the shop, settings, etc), press and hold over a word to highlight, mark, or look it up.

the touch screen works better than i thought it would and seems scratch resistnant, i prefer it to the ones with buttons because you dont have to push to turn the page.

My understanding is that I can go to local libraries and even borrow my books using my Nook; This may or may not be any special news.The touch screen is a bit sensitive on the device, so if you prefer not to use it, they are also tactile "buttons" that will allow you to change pages.

The home screen shows the book you are currently reading and the page number you are on - a few other books in your library, and some suggested readings.

They do not look like physical shelves, rather they are just a grouping of books.Without going into more technical stuff that you can read online, I will say that if you are new to e-reading and you enjoy touch screens -  AND YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A PRODUCT THAT SIMPLY ALLOWS YOU TO READ - Do not hesitate to go into a B/N and try this out.

Pros:Touch screenExcellent battery lifeSized well for pockets or pursesThe gestures are pretty intuitiveThe functionality of ePub books is very goodThe device is able to use books from other sources who use ePub or PDF format (library or other sourceCons:The on-board memory capacity is 236MB (!

)Menu / keyboard items are not scalableNo parental filters / controlsNo on board method to manage files or memory usageThe small screen size decreases reading continuity at larger text sizes; no ability to view text in LandscapeApparently, Amazon really prefers you buy the Kindle, observing they are offering the NOOK for $40 more than for the price it is offered at Barnes and Noble.Summary:I own a Kindle and a NOOK Touch.

The on-screen keyboard / menu items are actually useful to the consumers who really could benefit from these devices more than anyone: the elderly.

Carrying the NOOK in one's pocket can create some issues with the touch screen, and it tends otherwise to cause the device to crash.

The Nook can also read your PDF files/documents from your PC or elsewhere, plus it can use your JPEG files of photos to use as your custom screensavers; the Nook will convert them to B&W.

Im hoping for a patch.which means you have to plug it in usb and delete stuff from your desktop.Its very annoying.What Id like to see;- new screensavers for download- better support for PDF files- ability to read word doc- solar power, geez why not it only makes sense.

Wish the screen were a bit brighter & that current books were available for less.

The touch screen is intuitive and responsive, the ebooks look great, and best of all, no hidden ads!

You can page foreward by either hitting one of the two side buttons, tapping the right side of the screen, or making a swipe motion ANYWHERE on the screen.Amazon may have the slightly larger market, but B&N; is definitely winning in the hardware race for best simple tablet.

Why bring a device almost as big just to read books, when the eReader app (despite the drawbacks of a color screen vs. e-ink, etc.)

Buy a smartphone so you're conditioned to charge things more regularly :P- The rubber on the device is great for grippiness in your hand (and it won't go sliding from anywhere you put it unless a 8.0 earthquake hits), but it tends to attract dust and grime, and the type of rubber makes it *incredibly* hard to clean except with some kind of wet nap.Overall, it's the original nook, in a smaller package, with better battery life, a touchscreen, and a cleaner interface.

I've used both the Nook and Kindle readers and purchased the Nook ST for my personal use because I prefer to have buttons as well as the touch screen.

You touch or swipe the screen, and nothing happens.

If you hold the Nook too close to the screen, or at the top or bottom, the pop-up menu will appear or the dictionary will activate unintentionally.

compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!

The screen itslef barely blinks even without any kind of special protection (of course if you don't try to put it right under the lightbulb).

sony reader for your computer is a epub & pdf reader 4 your computer that lets you download free internet books and copy them to the sony reader library ,where you can read the ebook on your computer and also sideload  a copy of the ebook,through the ubs2 cable  into your sony ereader - prs300the sony reader reconizes the sony ereader-prs 300 and allows sideloads.nook wieghts 6 oz and sony wieghts 8 oz, so not much difference in wieght.And nook has wi - fi ,in-case i want to pay $12.00 for a book instead of downloading the book for free on to my computer.There might just be a situation where i cant get to my computer to get a free book and i was so bored that i was willing to pay for a wi-fi book, but i dont think so.

All purchase books are your forever compared to other ebook services who may take the boom away when the publisher ends digital publishing.

I could BUY a program to convert the files or I could pay Amazon "a small fee" to convert them for me.I took my Kindle BACK to Best Buy and spoke to another Sales guy that was very helpful and explained to me that the Nook will EASILY read my pdf books.

You can even put amazon's android kindle reader on it as well.The reason for the relatively low rating is that all of these features and functionality should have been unlocked by default.

On kindle reader you can change size of letters e book only if you bought them on Kindel store.

Then I remembered that it won't do that; which makes this great for reading no matter what position you may be sitting or lying in.The Nook accepts epub books; which means that you can get books from a variety of stores, not just Barnes & Noble.

Pros:Touch screenExcellent battery lifeSized well for pockets or pursesThe gestures are pretty intuitiveThe functionality of ePub books is very goodThe device is able to use books from other sources who use ePub or PDF format (library or other sourceCons:The on-board memory capacity is 236MB (!

Overall I do like it, but it needs improvement.My favorite use of the Nook is to borrow my local library's digital books using the free Overdrive Media Console software which allows you to select & save your library (ies) and to directly access the digital library from it on your PC, and then sideload (drag & drop)the borrowed books to your Nook; no more time wasted or trips through rush hour traffic to browse, borrow or return books downtown, and no more parking hassles!

I understand you should do some research on products before you buy them but reading the users guide may be a stretch.

fits on product nice and tight and stays on havent had any problem with the product falling off the other pruduct.

Then I remembered that it won't do that; which makes this great for reading no matter what position you may be sitting or lying in.The Nook accepts epub books; which means that you can get books from a variety of stores, not just Barnes & Noble.

You can review books, buy or get samples of books, and share books with your friends.

Software works good and even manages to go through my medical review books easily and do keyword searches.

You can change text size to make any book a large-print book, and buying books through Wi-Fi is a snap.

If you're looking for an alternative to paper books, this is a great device.

(2) Even if I didn't, I could still buy books for the Google eBookstore at Google Play using a computer with an internet conection.Other things to consider:- Will you be reading books or daily publications more?

After that you can buy books with your credit card if everything works perfect which it never does.

I didn't realize that if you buy books from B&N;, you can only read them on your Nook, and not on anything else.

Nothing fancy it just read books and if you got Wifi you can go to the store and look at the endless collection B&N has.

price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc.

Why bring a device almost as big just to read books, when the eReader app (despite the drawbacks of a color screen vs. e-ink, etc.)

Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.

The two BIG differences is that the ebook store on amazon is WAY better than the ebook store on B&N; (which is a big deal to me) and I like the fact that I can search content on WIFI with the Amazon reader (such as wikipedia).

Or swipe your finger across the screen as in flipping a physical book page.

So don't be spooked about buying one due to this problem - if it happens to you, exchange it.Going back to library books, I had to install Adobe Digital Editions onto my PC (my library had the link to download - free).

Using the Adobe Digital software to unlock library books with the nook was a headache at first, and I'm a librarian who is somewhat tech-savy.

The item is very complicated to use if you want to download public library books.

They love that you can download library book.

Borrowed library books can be returned automatically when the loan periods expire, or can be returned manually earlier if you decide not to finish the book during the loan period.Ordinarily I don't buy many fiction books because I rarely read any of them more than once.

Its wonderful (though you have to download Adobe Digital Editions, which is completely safe, to manage your library books with you Nook).The down side is that it is not backlit.

Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.

The eReader UI experience should be closer to an iPhone experience, instead of a VCR timer event recording from the 80's (like it is).

I wish it lit up in the dark so you could continue reading when it was time for lights out, but I just ordered a light for it so that should help.

But it's great to take on the go, the batter lasts a long time and you can read with it outside.

With the Kindle, you're buying material from an expanding and reliable retailer that's not going away anytime soon.

My secondary use would be reading ePub books, I have a large collection.The reason chose the Nook Touch over the Kindle were:+ support for open ePub format.+ expandable storage with SD card slot+ touch works better than Kindle's keyboard+ I can root the Nook and install a proper browserSure, there are minus points for Nook too:- Amazon has many many more bestsellers and newspapers last time I checked.This does not really matter to me.- No option for 3G.

I love my Nook simple touch but will review another time.

Ironic, considering the Nook is their direct competitor.One thing to take into consideration is that the page numbers are synced with the actual pages of the ebook, regardless of font size or line spacing, so you can turn through page 85 two or three times before getting to page 86.

It's the perfect ebook reader and plus you can install Android OS to see mail (a good help sometimes).

Sometimes while reading a book I will accidently touch the screen and the menu will pop up or the page will turn.

I don't understand why :(- No Web Browser or RSS reader app or something like that- PDF reader usually do not render properly if the pdf has Tables, Bullets, Images and other graphic different from text.- You Can Not Delete, move or rename Files from the device User Interface, you always have to connect it to the computer to do this actions... this makes you waist a lot of time.- The device has a hidden partition used to store the books you purchased at B&N; store.

EDIT:  A year later...  the page buttons on the right side stick or don't work most of the time.

From what I've read, calling B&N tech support is a waste of time.

When you buy a Nook, you cannot assume to use it unless someone has told you ahead of time that the purchase, unlike any other electronic device, does not include a charger.

Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.

I have only charged this device 4 times since owning it.If you are interested in "apps", or music, or surfing... this product is not for you.

price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc.

If tapping does not work, you can not reach your ebooks, however there are some phisical buttom on the tool, also.Funny and annoying.Now the situation is : sometimes it does sense the tapping, sometimes doesn't.Final annoying concern: spam mail per almost every day, about how to spend your money on ebooks and related things.Favourites beyond all negatives:Nice , Light, Quick, Handle all kind of characters and signs (not just letters, but mathematical formulas also, and not just English letters, but other ones, also), Size of the letters can adjustable.

I am happy with this eReader from Nook but I would advise to buy the one with GlowLight so that you can read at any time.

Don't buy if you wanna read at bedtime with all the lights turned off.

Download time is a matter of seconds.

From there you have to add the books to ADE then add them to your Nook, not a huge deal, but a few extra steps compared to the iPad.I also noticed that scrolling between pages had a bit of delay compared to the iPad and that when you were trying to use the scroll bar to advance more than a few pages at a time, it wasn't the most accurate.

What I like about Nook (so far):-easy to use-has a memory card slot for more storage capacity-light and convenient to carry around-very good for a basic readerWhat I don't like:-sometimes the display appears fadedAll in all, I'm liking my new Nook.

Save the time and just buy the book or really lose your mind a go to a used book store and buy any book you want for around a dollar and finally don't even consider calling tech support they are useless.

I may buy a Kindle some time-if I truly find a reason, but it will be a backup to my Nook library.I know that Amazon is doing this loss leader thing, selling at a loss, trying to convert everyone to Kindles so that you will be married to them forever (now that they finally have something that can compete with the Nook simple touch and Nook color).

sometimes the copy just ends in the middle of a page when it's not the end of a paragraph or anything, just to continue at the top of the next page....None of these glitches are acceptable to me....they're all annoying and #2 totally distorts the meaning of the content...I'd give this unit the highest rating if the darn .pdf conversion worked correctly....so, I'm still looking for an eReader that works with pdfs...

Overall I do like it, but it needs improvement.My favorite use of the Nook is to borrow my local library's digital books using the free Overdrive Media Console software which allows you to select & save your library (ies) and to directly access the digital library from it on your PC, and then sideload (drag & drop)the borrowed books to your Nook; no more time wasted or trips through rush hour traffic to browse, borrow or return books downtown, and no more parking hassles!

on time delivery, product as listed, great reader and simple to use even for a beginner would recommend just like reading a book

I guess I can't speak for the kindle, but using our Nook to borrow from libraries has been a total waste of time.

At the time this dawned on me, I immediately thought "If only there was a smaller form factor for the nook, I'd probably take that with me more, and start reading again..."Enter the nook touch.

Once that happens, you have access to the android market, email, web browser, and more importantly, you can get apps that are better than the default nook book reader.

It's the perfect ebook reader and plus you can install Android OS to see mail (a good help sometimes).

The nook e book reader has been a good buy for my wife.

They needed too many personal data, before using the tool.It is also funny in case of an ebook reader.The PDF files that I copied to Nook  were not readable.

And to tell when the Nook has finished charging, wait for the little LED next to the USB input on the unit to turn from amber to green.So if you have been looking for an ebook reader offering great value and ergonomics, take a look at this Nook.

)UPDATE: Trust me to find the bugs in an ebook reader -- or perhaps they find me.

The NOOK e-book reader compares favourably with the KINDLE, as well as being cheaper.

Find an e-book reader.

Excelent choice on a e-book reader small, light, and clear to read any book!

But unfortunaly my test kindle file would not work on the nook, not the nooks fault as it reads files from everyone else.Choose the nook for it's simple touch.

Like the Sony reader, the nook can take notes but wouldn't be a great device to purchase for that purpose.It was pretty easy to set up- I didn't read the instruction manual, but I usually don't.

If you're looking for an alternative to paper books, this is a great device.

