The Nook makes it easy to chose a font style, a font size, single spacing or double spacing...you can customize the appearance of the text to your needs.It is easy to read the Nook indoors with any decent room lighting, and easy to read outdoors in the shade.
I wish it lit up in the dark so you could continue reading when it was time for lights out, but I just ordered a light for it so that should help.
The only solution was, either to plug the USB cable, or wait until the device can be accessed - meaning at least one hour.Well, as a gift for my doughter, Nook Touch is perfect, small, light and stylish.
I could definitely use a light on my Nook.A Nook is definitely a great product if you're looking for a e-ink reader without the annoying backlight that you get from computers and tablets.
You can toggle this feature on & off, and there is an Amazon site that lets you view readers' highlighting for ANY book--not just the books you own.
* Amazon has slightly better paid ebook coverage than does B&N;, and Kindle ebooks are often cheaper than Nook ebooks.
The touchscreen on the Nook STR is infrared (it senses the heat of your finger, again like iPhone), so a light touch works just fine.
although if you can afford a simple touch with glow i would say get that one for the light.the only thing you have to get use to is the screen being a little jumpy when you switch from one thing to another.
Looking up a word in the dictionary can be accessed only through the touch screen and it is always responsive, BUT it might be frustrating for someone with big fingers because touching the screen and highlighting the intended word to look up might result with the device highlighting the word above or below it.
However, Barnes & Noble is releasing the NEW "Nook Simple Touch with Glowlight" in May.
Easy.Also, for those technically savvy and geeky, it can be rooted to a very basic Android tablet with limited functionality (email, light browsing).
But the downside with those is that the LCD type display cannot be read in direct sunlight so good luck at the beach or pool.One nice feature I use now and then is the dictionary.
It hasn't been a major issue though.I purchased aVerso Arc Light for Kindle, Nook, & Other eReaders - Blackand it works well for reading in low-light situations.
Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.
It's great because it's light, it's portable(it fits in my pocket!
The "newest model" is the Nook Simple Touch with Glowlight, and not this model.
price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc.
x-ray is pretty cool.connectivity: kindle - for an additional $50 you can get a kindle with 3G.page turns: nook - slightly faster.
Don't buy if you wanna read at bedtime with all the lights turned off.
First let me say this nook is lightweight and simple and good for anyone who simply loves to read and wants to bring their library with them.
Buying a cover and quality book light completes the package giving you the feel of a real book without the weight and the ability to read in bed at night ;) You can shop over a wifi network directly from your nook, while in Barnes and Noble read any nook book for free as long as you are there and connected to their wifi network, and you can even add your favorite social networks to share things with your friends.
The unit fits nicely in the back pocket of my jeans or shorts, and it's trim and lightweight.There are convenient page turning buttons flanking the screen, making for easy one-handed operation in a subway.
Can't go wrong w/ this ereader - much better, lighter, faster than the kindle, just watch the price if purchasing on amazon.
The device itself is amazing...-great TOUCHSCREEN interface-perfect reading screen-clean looking design, small because there is no keyboard to make it bigger and it's smaller than the original Nook-reads formats natively that the Kindle won't-read all the ebooks you want in B&N; stores for free-library checkouts are easy-press and hold on a word to get its definition-highlight and take notes in a book easily...but when you ROOT the thing it gets even better!-Install the Gmail app to get your mail-get the Opera browser (supports Flash!
What I like about Nook (so far):-easy to use-has a memory card slot for more storage capacity-light and convenient to carry around-very good for a basic readerWhat I don't like:-sometimes the display appears fadedAll in all, I'm liking my new Nook.
POINT:  NOOK.2) Nook Simple touch is smaller and lighter than the equivalent Kindle e-reader.
Press lightly on the outside rim of the page to turn it either way, press buttons on either side to turn the page the same direction that you have been turning.
Press near the top right corner to "bookmark" the page, press in the middle of the screen to open up a small main menu (from which you can access your homepage, your library, the shop, settings, etc), press and hold over a word to highlight, mark, or look it up.
Reading indoors no longer requires a spotlight on the e-reader to maintain legibility.
Once you do that, you will be able to highlight and take notes like you can with the actual books.If you want a simple e-reader, the Nook Simple Touch is the best.
You have a nice light, long battery life E-reader that works well in appropriate lighting.
Side-loaded material is not up for discussion.There is a lightly functional Web browser embedded in the Search function of the NOOK Touch.
I did have to "help" some of them,  but that was easy too, requiring just a touch on the download prompt.The touch keypad is larger and easier to use than on the 1st Gen, although with "fat fingers" or poor hand control,  a stylus makes a nice aid.Someone in another review forum said that the Simple Touch lacks the ability to highlight and make notes.
You can page foreward by either hitting one of the two side buttons, tapping the right side of the screen, or making a swipe motion ANYWHERE on the screen.Amazon may have the slightly larger market, but B&N; is definitely winning in the hardware race for best simple tablet.
Excelent choice on a e-book reader small, light, and clear to read any book!
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
The screen itslef barely blinks even without any kind of special protection (of course if you don't try to put it right under the lightbulb).
If you want to be mad and say then "well why did you give it one star???!!!!"
Nook is awesome!The name sucks tough :)The price-quality ratio is great and this ereader, once rooted and running on android, can read just about any file type, no longer limited to epub and PDF (terrible format for ereaders).The delivery came way ahead of schedule, that was a pleasant surprise.So thanks AceElectronix and Barnes&Noble;!
Nook offers SIX Professional & Distinct Fonts: Caecilia, Malabar, Amasis, Gill Sans, Helvetica, & Trebuchet -- 3 are Serif -- 3 Sans Serif, they are all excellent choices for e-readers, & 3 of the fonts are exceptionally legible.
You can toggle this feature on & off, and there is an Amazon site that lets you view readers' highlighting for ANY book--not just the books you own.
(I'm writing my review in amazon because B&N; "Block" my review arguinf  it  violates the Terms of Use of B&N...; Ironic don't you think :/, anyway this is my original review of the ebook Reader)The readers is fine in general:Pros:- Nice physically materials- Best Graphic User Interface than Kindle- Nice e-ink screen- Great speed of screen refreshing- Touch screen response is wonderfulCons:- Physically buttons for Back and Forward are kind of hard To press- No Landscape Mode...
Opera Mobile allows for web browsing; various RSS readers make keeping up with the news a cinch; Mango provides more manga than I can ever hope to read; you can even install Amazon's Kindle app for Android!
The Nook and all other major e-readers use EPUB, a now-standard file format for e-books.
If you're on the fence regarding e readers, go with this one and help keep book stores alive!!
Nook is awesome!The name sucks tough :)The price-quality ratio is great and this ereader, once rooted and running on android, can read just about any file type, no longer limited to epub and PDF (terrible format for ereaders).The delivery came way ahead of schedule, that was a pleasant surprise.So thanks AceElectronix and Barnes&Noble;!
LIke Amazon, B&N; tries to lock readers in to purchasing from their store, but if you're resistant, it's easy to side-load books using Adobe Digital Editions or Calibre on either device.
I've used both the Nook and Kindle readers and purchased the Nook ST for my personal use because I prefer to have buttons as well as the touch screen.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
It is easily charged from a micro USB connection and files can easily be copied from a PC.The crystal clear text and easy touch or button navigation make reading a pleasure.
The Nook makes it easy to chose a font style, a font size, single spacing or double spacing...you can customize the appearance of the text to your needs.It is easy to read the Nook indoors with any decent room lighting, and easy to read outdoors in the shade.
Because I can increase font size and use double-spacing on the Nook, it is much easier to read on the Nook than in the paperback book.
My aging eyes feel much better after a couple hours with the Nook than after a couple hours straining to read the "fine print" that is typical of lower priced paperback books.If you want an e-reader primarily for magazines, you probably should buy the Nook Color or a small color tablet.
It's so much easier to look up the meaning of a word, you can have a wish list for books you want to buy, which you can't do on the old one.
Any book you buy can become a large print...for those that need it.
It's tiny, portable, and even with my case fits perfectly in my purse for my morning commute.
I wish they would offer a silicone frame for it, because the cover I have for it adds more weight.
It's not usable on the internet for browsing or my amazon books that I can get on my bigger nook with an app.
But it's great to take on the go, the batter lasts a long time and you can read with it outside.
Fast, super, amazing!I suggest this ebooks reader and BlueProton shop.Nook is fantastic, you can root it and have more from it
However, considering that B&N; is much less popular than its competitor, and popularity means software and application support, and it has no text or Word doc files support, and being extremely restrictive in order to not allow direct internet access to competitive or free content, I am strongly NOT RECOMMENDING purchase of the device.
The only solution was, either to plug the USB cable, or wait until the device can be accessed - meaning at least one hour.Well, as a gift for my doughter, Nook Touch is perfect, small, light and stylish.
They are basically quite similar devices.My primary use is going to be reading product manuals and datasheets that are as a matter of unwrittenrule in the PDF format.
My secondary use would be reading ePub books, I have a large collection.The reason chose the Nook Touch over the Kindle were:+ support for open ePub format.+ expandable storage with SD card slot+ touch works better than Kindle's keyboard+ I can root the Nook and install a proper browserSure, there are minus points for Nook too:- Amazon has many many more bestsellers and newspapers last time I checked.This does not really matter to me.- No option for 3G.
Didn't realize you need a credit card on file to be able to load books onto the Nook.
It's very handy and comfortable, you can have as much books as you want just inserting a microSD card.
You can have even some internet with Nook Simple Touch.
There is no "period", or "dot", in the numerical keyboard, so it is not possible to enter another url, either to make a purchase from another bookseller, or, more importantly from my point of view, to log on to the local library (this would appear to apply to local US libraries as well; what a waste of WiFi!).
You have to download everything onto your PC and transfer via the cable included.
Also, you cannot make a purchase with B&N; from outside the US, on this machine.
Just as you reach that stage, the call is terminated with a statement that the transfer cannot be completed and you get the dialling tone.
Once that happens, you have access to the android market, email, web browser, and more importantly, you can get apps that are better than the default nook book reader.
You can even put amazon's android kindle reader on it as well.The reason for the relatively low rating is that all of these features and functionality should have been unlocked by default.
I do not buy anything that is not fully touch screen if it can be.
Nothing fancy it just read books and if you got Wifi you can go to the store and look at the endless collection B&N has.
You can use a computer and login using your acount.
You can review books, buy or get samples of books, and share books with your friends.
Ironic, considering the Nook is their direct competitor.One thing to take into consideration is that the page numbers are synced with the actual pages of the ebook, regardless of font size or line spacing, so you can turn through page 85 two or three times before getting to page 86.
Nook offers SIX Professional & Distinct Fonts: Caecilia, Malabar, Amasis, Gill Sans, Helvetica, & Trebuchet -- 3 are Serif -- 3 Sans Serif, they are all excellent choices for e-readers, & 3 of the fonts are exceptionally legible.
In unfortunate contrast, Kindle offers a generic Serif, a generic Sans Serif, & something they call "Condensed".Nook's screen is crystal clear & glare resistant; and their lovely fonts provide an elegant reading experience.I must confess to you, I found Nook's Font Superiority Compelling, and when combined with the fact that the device itself sports a superior, more elegant design, I truly wanted Nook to prevail in this contest.
You can toggle this feature on & off, and there is an Amazon site that lets you view readers' highlighting for ANY book--not just the books you own.
(1) You can't use it for a PDF, magazine, or anything with graphics because YOU CANNOT ZOOM OR ROTATE.
(If the publishers trust them enough with their DRM to have the book at all, why can't you transfer the book to someone else using the same DRM?)
If you are looking for an ereader with a great browser, mp3 and mp4 capabilities,than the nook Simple Touch is NOT for you (get the nook Color or Nook Tablet).
If you want a great ereader with no real flaws, the latest in ereader technology, an extraordinary battery life, and an easy to use interface than this is the ereader to get.I was stuck between the kindle touch and a nook simple touch but I chose the nook because it displays books better (has pictures and the actual book covers instead of just the title in words) and the Touch screen is a lot more responsive on the Nook Simple Touch than on the kindle touch.
Also the buttons on the side that can be used to turn the page (if you dont wanna touch the screen) on the Nook Simple Touch are great and come in handy!
It's the perfect ebook reader and plus you can install Android OS to see mail (a good help sometimes).
Or swipe your finger across the screen as in flipping a physical book page.
If help is needed, it can be a positive relationship-building experience.One last plus - once you get your Nook STR, check the "Shop" tab to access B&Ns; website.
Easy to use, bright screen and since its capacity can be expanded up to 32 gb by adding a micro sd card I think it is better than a Kindle.
Also mobi and other file types can be easily converted to epub and organized using the free Calibre software you can download from the Calibre website.
It fits the Nook very well and is also a beautifull case.I am thinking to buy more of them in combos as presents to my other family members.
although if you can afford a simple touch with glow i would say get that one for the light.the only thing you have to get use to is the screen being a little jumpy when you switch from one thing to another.
However I love going to the Barnes & Noble store because if you take your Nook, you are able to read any Nook book for free for up to 1 hour per day without purchasing it.
Looking up a word in the dictionary can be accessed only through the touch screen and it is always responsive, BUT it might be frustrating for someone with big fingers because touching the screen and highlighting the intended word to look up might result with the device highlighting the word above or below it.
; I do not yet have any experience putting ebooks from a third party on this device and I have not inserted an SD card either so I cannot comment on that.- Battery Life - The battery life is EXCELLENT.
(I'm writing my review in amazon because B&N; "Block" my review arguinf  it  violates the Terms of Use of B&N...; Ironic don't you think :/, anyway this is my original review of the ebook Reader)The readers is fine in general:Pros:- Nice physically materials- Best Graphic User Interface than Kindle- Nice e-ink screen- Great speed of screen refreshing- Touch screen response is wonderfulCons:- Physically buttons for Back and Forward are kind of hard To press- No Landscape Mode...
Remember that you have stored your credit card inside the account of the device!
Posts on the Internet say its a complex technical issue.
There have been several occasions where my father-in-law (who is ok with technology) has called up and spent hours on the phone with my husband trying to figure out how to get a book onto the nook.I would not recommend this unless you plan to purchase only from the Nook itself.
You can buy ebooks from anywhere, download from Project Gutenberg or borrow from the local library and using adobe digital editions manage your library on the Nook.
Easy.Also, for those technically savvy and geeky, it can be rooted to a very basic Android tablet with limited functionality (email, light browsing).
From what I've read, calling B&N tech support is a waste of time.
But the downside with those is that the LCD type display cannot be read in direct sunlight so good luck at the beach or pool.One nice feature I use now and then is the dictionary.
When you buy a Nook, you cannot assume to use it unless someone has told you ahead of time that the purchase, unlike any other electronic device, does not include a charger.
Great tool for education, and I highly recommend Nook for anyone.
Consider to buy an additional memory card to increase the capacity of this device and to buy it from BluProton seller, they have one of the finest and most efficient services worldwide.
I liked the Kindle's sleek looks more than the Nook, but the screen on this is definitely better for reading (can't speak for the new Kindle Paper White).
Bottom line: It's the perfect addition to the modern student's toolkit (If you've got a little technical know-how).
If you try to access any images from a folder it will give you an error saying &#34;this nook cannot read this file.
Rooting can be a long task if your not use to android terminology although if your already familiar with developing on android its a pretty simple process.
Rooting also drastically reduces battery life dropping it from approximately 1 month battery life to 3 days or so with the standard android install but this can be brought back up to 1-2 weeks battery life by modifying a few of the system files.
this is done through the usb cable that plugs into the side of your ereader and also recharges the battery of your ereader, while you sideload or just for recharging.all ebooks should be backed up on computer hard drive first because there is no retrieving an ebook from a ereader .
Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.
sony reader for your computer is a epub & pdf reader 4 your computer that lets you download free internet books and copy them to the sony reader library ,where you can read the ebook on your computer and also sideload  a copy of the ebook,through the ubs2 cable  into your sony ereader - prs300the sony reader reconizes the sony ereader-prs 300 and allows sideloads.nook wieghts 6 oz and sony wieghts 8 oz, so not much difference in wieght.And nook has wi - fi ,in-case i want to pay $12.00 for a book instead of downloading the book for free on to my computer.There might just be a situation where i cant get to my computer to get a free book and i was so bored that i was willing to pay for a wi-fi book, but i dont think so.
the filthy rich would like the wi fi 12.99 book ,though.I thought that the nook touch screen would be cool , but it is kind of a pain the the butt because the nook changes pages when ever your finger gets even close to the screen, weather you want to change pages or not.
adobe digital editions will recon-nize your nook when you plug in the usb cord and has a drop down menu button that says copy ebook to nook.SIDELOAD means plug usb2 cable that comes with nook into computer and into nook.
You must delete every thing all at once and start from empty all over again.A very bad feature nook should change as soon as possible.The saving grace is the large 500 book capacity of the nook and the slot to install a 32 gb flash drive memory stick so that nook can hold 1000 books.
The B&N; salespeople will do it 4 you, or you can do it yourself,if you like to read & follow instructions.
It's great because it's light, it's portable(it fits in my pocket!
You can side load any pdf or epub file, as well as downloading books from the store.
The only way you can add content to your device (other than purchasing content from B&N;) is to hook it up to the computer?
Like the Sony reader, the nook can take notes but wouldn't be a great device to purchase for that purpose.It was pretty easy to set up- I didn't read the instruction manual, but I usually don't.
Fortunately there is an easy solution- there is a slot for a microSD card, and I happened to have a 2gb one lying around- plus they only cost about $5, if that.
Not a deal-killer by any means, but something to consider if you're planning to add your own epub library to your nook.Kindle vs. Nook- I haven't owned a kindle, only used it for a few minutes, but my personal opinion as I decided which to purchase was this: price was important (and I got a great black friday deal on the nook), and since they were about the same price I wanted to support the more open epub format, since you can load books from other sources.
4 stars because it's really easy to use, you can find a lot of books the battery lasts for about 2-3 weeks (and i read about 6 hours a day at least).The only disadvantage is that maybe i could use a little bigger screen.But in general it's worth it's money!
Pdf files are NOT viewable on your Kindle and the conversion process is complicated.
You can upload a few different file types and read them easily.
The item is very complicated to use if you want to download public library books.
Yet at Band N if you walk in, the same Nook is priced at $79 and you get a $20 gift card if you buy one .
Software works good and even manages to go through my medical review books easily and do keyword searches.
TEXTBOOK USER beware though that charts and tables are at a fixed size and cannot be enlarged.Overall very happy and most of all I love not looking at a backlit screen for enjoyment.
Opera Mobile allows for web browsing; various RSS readers make keeping up with the news a cinch; Mango provides more manga than I can ever hope to read; you can even install Amazon's Kindle app for Android!
Still, having near-instant access to news, weather, email, books, comics, and most websites makes the Nook Simple Touch a great little device, especially if you can find one used.
If you are interested in reading you will not be dissapointed!My only complaint (if you can call it that) is that I wish there were more books available that I could share.
price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc.
x-ray is pretty cool.connectivity: kindle - for an additional $50 you can get a kindle with 3G.page turns: nook - slightly faster.
I didnt buy it on amazon because it was WAY TO EXPENSIVE but I got mine for 140$ at Best Buy or you can get it at Barns and Noble for the same price.
And if you are an expert on tablets like me well you cant even call it that .
They needed too many personal data, before using the tool.It is also funny in case of an ebook reader.The PDF files that I copied to Nook  were not readable.
I even could not reach my files, because tapping needs for 'opening' the tools.
If tapping does not work, you can not reach your ebooks, however there are some phisical buttom on the tool, also.Funny and annoying.Now the situation is : sometimes it does sense the tapping, sometimes doesn't.Final annoying concern: spam mail per almost every day, about how to spend your money on ebooks and related things.Favourites beyond all negatives:Nice , Light, Quick, Handle all kind of characters and signs (not just letters, but mathematical formulas also, and not just English letters, but other ones, also), Size of the letters can adjustable.
Tapping - when works - can take paging very very easy.
Also, if you want to read more about the publication or customer reviews, you must go online to do it - it can not be done from the Nook.
I am happy with this eReader from Nook but I would advise to buy the one with GlowLight so that you can read at any time.
Buying a cover and quality book light completes the package giving you the feel of a real book without the weight and the ability to read in bed at night ;) You can shop over a wifi network directly from your nook, while in Barnes and Noble read any nook book for free as long as you are there and connected to their wifi network, and you can even add your favorite social networks to share things with your friends.
You MUST tie a credit card to your B&N; account or you can't buy anything including FREE books!3.
Lose your nook and the thief can buy up stuff at B&N; on your dime.5.
You have to call and beg them to lose your information and delete the account.
Notably: to close one book (so you can open another), press the Nook button below the screen (the thing that looks like an upside-down U) and enter "library."
*Barnes & Noble actually has stores to go and ask questions*On the nook, you can change the wallpaper/screensaver.
*You can do that ^ on the kindle but you have to hack it first.Although I do think that the Kindle IS a better device, it a lot more expensive if you want no ads.
You can read for as long as you like.
You can turn a page with just a tap of your finger on the screen, or press a side bar.
The device itself is amazing...-great TOUCHSCREEN interface-perfect reading screen-clean looking design, small because there is no keyboard to make it bigger and it's smaller than the original Nook-reads formats natively that the Kindle won't-read all the ebooks you want in B&N; stores for free-library checkouts are easy-press and hold on a word to get its definition-highlight and take notes in a book easily...but when you ROOT the thing it gets even better!-Install the Gmail app to get your mail-get the Opera browser (supports Flash!
)-install the Kindle app and you can read Kindle ebooks too-Put it in host mode to attach an external keyboard-Make sure to get the Home Button Savior app so you can switch back and forth between the B&N; reader and the rest of the device's functionality.I used these instructions:[Amazon removed my link.
Can't say anything negative except for the cable and would recommend The Simple Touch eBook Reader.
Second, you cannot use the nook without connecting to the internet via wifi, and the nook cannot connect to wifi that needs you to enter a password over a web browser.
The advantage of the nook over a kindle is simplicity when you aren't buying a book (ie, when you're obtaining a digital backup of a physical book you own, library digital checkouts, or you're pirating one.)
But where it shines is when I refuse to buy a book because the publishers are being greedy (eg, Dance with Dragons by George RR Martin, game of thrones series...
What I like about Nook (so far):-easy to use-has a memory card slot for more storage capacity-light and convenient to carry around-very good for a basic readerWhat I don't like:-sometimes the display appears fadedAll in all, I'm liking my new Nook.
The two BIG differences is that the ebook store on amazon is WAY better than the ebook store on B&N; (which is a big deal to me) and I like the fact that I can search content on WIFI with the Amazon reader (such as wikipedia).
(2) Even if I didn't, I could still buy books for the Google eBookstore at Google Play using a computer with an internet conection.Other things to consider:- Will you be reading books or daily publications more?
They love that you can download library book.
You can change text size to make any book a large-print book, and buying books through Wi-Fi is a snap.
After that you can buy books with your credit card if everything works perfect which it never does.
Save the time and just buy the book or really lose your mind a go to a used book store and buy any book you want for around a dollar and finally don't even consider calling tech support they are useless.
As a librarian, I can not and do not recommend this product to my patrons.
I may buy a Kindle some time-if I truly find a reason, but it will be a backup to my Nook library.I know that Amazon is doing this loss leader thing, selling at a loss, trying to convert everyone to Kindles so that you will be married to them forever (now that they finally have something that can compete with the Nook simple touch and Nook color).
On kindle reader you can change size of letters e book only if you bought them on Kindel store.
So i had to go online russian library ; download e book on my computer and convert to PD format by myself + its free .With Nook here is not a problem .All my ebooks I can read in print I wish.Just love this Nook!
You can use this just like a book outside in the sun.
But I would only recommend this product if your library has a good selection of ebooks, or if you don't mind not owning a physical book.
Once you have books or other materials in your library you can organize them onto "shelves" of your own choice.
Press near the top right corner to "bookmark" the page, press in the middle of the screen to open up a small main menu (from which you can access your homepage, your library, the shop, settings, etc), press and hold over a word to highlight, mark, or look it up.
You can search through your books for a typed phrase or word (very handy when trying to find a certain passage for writing a paper, or in-class discussions!)
Also, I've heard that you get free coupons and even occasionally a free book when you enter B&N; -- haven't gotten to try that feature out yet, my campus bookstore isn't officially a real B&N;, but I'm looking forward to it.Wifi: the Nook doesn't generate its own hotspot, but considering that practically everywhere you're going to go is jumping on the wifi bandwagon you shouldn't need one.
So have to wait to hear back from the company I bought it from for a return and then see if I can get a replacement that works.
the touch screen works better than i thought it would and seems scratch resistnant, i prefer it to the ones with buttons because you dont have to push to turn the page.
If you were to buy this Nook for your young son or daughter, they would be able to purchase anything at the flick of a finger, and it would charge to your credit card 'for your convenience'.
Similarly, if anyone found your child's Nook, they too could purchase anything using your credit card information.I tried get creative and purchased a gift card for my child but although this can create a credit on the child's account, B&N; still requires a credit card to be on-file in order to 'unlock' the book.
By contrast, with the Kindle system, you simply buy a book through Amazon using any credit card (which does not have to stay active) and send it to an authorized device.
The Nook system, by comparison, is slow, clunky, and a massive security risk.If you setup the Nook and do not provide this credit card during setup, no books can be sent to the Nook wirelessly, they must be sync'ed with a cable tethered to a computer.
Since my 12 year-old daughter purchased this herself with her own money, I have no choice but to either tell her to eat the unit or use my credit card without any parental control.
I suppose if the device is owned by an adult this model would work, however if you are contemplating this as a gift for your child, I'd avoid any device related to B&N; altogether.I give them 2 starts for the hardware only but otherwise the device, in this case, is useless.
While you can delete your credit card from B&N;, the process is well hidden and you would need to add a card, order, download, sync, unlock, and then delete the card in order to get each purchase on the device.
What this means in practical terms is that you pretty much have to buy all of your books from Amazon - and forget about taking them with you if you ever decide another e-reader is the better platform for you.I refuse to be a party to that kind of lock-in, which is why I am very happy with my Nook Simple Touch.
However since it uses android you can easily root it and install apps that allows you to read Kindle books and pretty much anything else your heart desires.
It looks like you are reading a physical book.
Then I remembered that it won't do that; which makes this great for reading no matter what position you may be sitting or lying in.The Nook accepts epub books; which means that you can get books from a variety of stores, not just Barnes & Noble.
Once you do that, you will be able to highlight and take notes like you can with the actual books.If you want a simple e-reader, the Nook Simple Touch is the best.
B/N has Free Fridays - when you can download a featured book for free -, book share -with contacts on your device and social networks, and free reading of selected books when you are in B/N.
My understanding is that I can go to local libraries and even borrow my books using my Nook; This may or may not be any special news.The touch screen is a bit sensitive on the device, so if you prefer not to use it, they are also tactile "buttons" that will allow you to change pages.
You can create shelves that you name on which to house your books by categories.
They do not look like physical shelves, rather they are just a grouping of books.Without going into more technical stuff that you can read online, I will say that if you are new to e-reading and you enjoy touch screens -  AND YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A PRODUCT THAT SIMPLY ALLOWS YOU TO READ - Do not hesitate to go into a B/N and try this out.
This E-reader is highly rated by Consumer Reports and other reviewers, but if you own one and upgraded to the 1.1.0 firmware (automatically by B&N; or manually) you may have lost your ability to connect via Wi-Fi in some Wi-Fi environments including in your own home.
Various contacts via on-line support chat, telephone support and visits to Barnes and Noble stores have yielded the following:  The people on the other end of the conversation basically have no knowlege of the problem and direct you through a series of needless exercises in hopes that something will work.
If you escalate, you will eventually get to B&N; personnel who will acknowledge the problem and proceed to give you a non-answer.
SOLUTIONS:  Drive to another location where Wi-Fi works (suggested by one B&N; person).
For PC owners with Internet access, you can still connect to B&N; from your PC, buy your E-product, download it and transfer it to your Simple Touch.
Your less technical friends and relatives or those who do not have a PC and rely on working wFi-Fi may not be so lucky.
The Simple Touch did connect via Wi-Fi at B&N; and at my local library.
Pros:Touch screenExcellent battery lifeSized well for pockets or pursesThe gestures are pretty intuitiveThe functionality of ePub books is very goodThe device is able to use books from other sources who use ePub or PDF format (library or other sourceCons:The on-board memory capacity is 236MB (!
)Menu / keyboard items are not scalableNo parental filters / controlsNo on board method to manage files or memory usageThe small screen size decreases reading continuity at larger text sizes; no ability to view text in LandscapeApparently, Amazon really prefers you buy the Kindle, observing they are offering the NOOK for $40 more than for the price it is offered at Barnes and Noble.Summary:I own a Kindle and a NOOK Touch.
One can synchronize with Google, Facebook, and Twitter, posting commentary and inviting discussion and response to the material being shared.
It is because the NOOK is running on Android (according to the developers of the WMWifiRouter application).
It's speculative to say whether or not this is a security measure based on my information set, but it is an issue that I'm sure at least a few others will wish to have known before purchasing.A case is a worthwhile consideration.
Carrying the NOOK in one's pocket can create some issues with the touch screen, and it tends otherwise to cause the device to crash.
You can also connect to a Barnes and Noble WiFi and read the books you want for free up to an hour.The Nook has one drawback, it does not have the Economist magazine available yet.
You don't have to register, give credit card info or whatever.Your kuddos to Terence Eden's blog.
I choose this product because it's capable of support diferent formats, I convert my pdf files in EPUB whit free programs (calibre and sigil) and mi readings are now easy and the graphics are visualized correctly.
Overall I do like it, but it needs improvement.My favorite use of the Nook is to borrow my local library's digital books using the free Overdrive Media Console software which allows you to select & save your library (ies) and to directly access the digital library from it on your PC, and then sideload (drag & drop)the borrowed books to your Nook; no more time wasted or trips through rush hour traffic to browse, borrow or return books downtown, and no more parking hassles!
However, as other reviewers have stated, you can still borrow or buy Kindle or other formats of digital books and convert them to ePub via the free Calibre software.
Borrowed library books can be returned automatically when the loan periods expire, or can be returned manually earlier if you decide not to finish the book during the loan period.Ordinarily I don't buy many fiction books because I rarely read any of them more than once.
The Nook can also read your PDF files/documents from your PC or elsewhere, plus it can use your JPEG files of photos to use as your custom screensavers; the Nook will convert them to B&W.
Nook is awesome!The name sucks tough :)The price-quality ratio is great and this ereader, once rooted and running on android, can read just about any file type, no longer limited to epub and PDF (terrible format for ereaders).The delivery came way ahead of schedule, that was a pleasant surprise.So thanks AceElectronix and Barnes&Noble;!
The nook seems to work great now that I can use it, but using barnes and noble for you ebooks might not be the best idea.
You have to pick up a microSD card- Cant delete files or books, there is simply no option for it.
Wifi Connectivity:What the **** is the point of having wifi if you can only use it for downloading purchases from B&N.
Even though the nook can be a potentially great e-reader, the reading experience for an e-reader is most important - and that's where this falls extremely short.The biggest obstacle comes to the usage of the dictionary.
You cannot additionally select words in the definition.
You can organize your books into "shelves," but only on the device itself, and it's a cumbersome process.
It's actually like a book, you have a digital paper in your hands.Excellent to read, you could change the font's size, the page's margins.Too, your nook is a ecological solution, because you only have to charge it as twice to month
Some might not like it because you have to push pretty hard, but that's by design.Second the platform is user friendly and great to navigate.Third the font choices are better and you get several more to choose from.
Barnes and Noble only allocates 1/4 of a GIG out of 2GIG for your personal library from non Barnes and Noble books.
I also suggest that your purchase one CaseCrown leather Regal flip case sold through Amazon; they are high quality for a reasonable price.
You can only get the ad-free version online (for $140) or shell out $40 AFTER you buy the unit.
This is clearly a bait-n-switch because none of this is mentioned if you buy it in a physical store.The Nook comes with no advertisements and is a wonderful reading experience!
In my opinion, the Nook Simple Touch is the best e-reader on the market because... well... it's simple.
You can page foreward by either hitting one of the two side buttons, tapping the right side of the screen, or making a swipe motion ANYWHERE on the screen.Amazon may have the slightly larger market, but B&N; is definitely winning in the hardware race for best simple tablet.
I guess I can't speak for the kindle, but using our Nook to borrow from libraries has been a total waste of time.
No hassle, you can renew as often as you like via internet at most libraries, and when you buy it you can lend it to your friends, pass it on to your kids, sell it at a garage sale, etc.
I paid for the Nook with my non-US credit card.
I excitedly booted up my Nook only to find out that it would not work with a non-US credit card.
I've used both the Nook and Kindle readers and purchased the Nook ST for my personal use because I prefer to have buttons as well as the touch screen.
I didn't realize that if you buy books from B&N;, you can only read them on your Nook, and not on anything else.
It's as consumer un-friendly as you can get!
You can't just simply sit down, relax and read unless you sit motionless in a chair and hold it on your lap.
You can only use the cord provided with the Nook to connect to your computer to transfer files or charge the batteries.
You can't use the standard USB cord that works with all of your other electronic gadgets, like your digital camera or your portable hard drive.
(Not 1, because e-reader can use other friends/partners and read different books)- Remember each book stop reading page, if I restart book again.- Need slide toolbar for quick select directory, shelf  etc.
For instance, borrowing ebooks via my local library is a no-go if I want to read them on my Kindle.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
Yoo can make it Android 2.1 device that can install anything from Market.
Well, controls are easy to learn, but in case you forget something, the user guide is already inside as your first available book.
Easy to hold in hands, however I recommend you to buy a protective case for it to make your reading even easier and more comfortable.
The Nook system, by comparison, is slow, clunky, and a massive security risk.If you setup the Nook and do not provide this credit card during setup, no books can be sent to the Nook wirelessly, they must be sync'ed with a cable tethered to a computer.
Nook offers SIX Professional & Distinct Fonts: Caecilia, Malabar, Amasis, Gill Sans, Helvetica, & Trebuchet -- 3 are Serif -- 3 Sans Serif, they are all excellent choices for e-readers, & 3 of the fonts are exceptionally legible.
The Nook and all other major e-readers use EPUB, a now-standard file format for e-books.
* Expandable storage slot* Excellent support for open book formats* Touch screen* Even smaller and compact.If you are OK with 6 to 8 hours of battery, go for Nook Color and root it.
They are basically quite similar devices.My primary use is going to be reading product manuals and datasheets that are as a matter of unwrittenrule in the PDF format.
My secondary use would be reading ePub books, I have a large collection.The reason chose the Nook Touch over the Kindle were:+ support for open ePub format.+ expandable storage with SD card slot+ touch works better than Kindle's keyboard+ I can root the Nook and install a proper browserSure, there are minus points for Nook too:- Amazon has many many more bestsellers and newspapers last time I checked.This does not really matter to me.- No option for 3G.
The default software is not compatible with many would-be useful formats such as txt or rtf.
Not a deal-killer by any means, but something to consider if you're planning to add your own epub library to your nook.Kindle vs. Nook- I haven't owned a kindle, only used it for a few minutes, but my personal opinion as I decided which to purchase was this: price was important (and I got a great black friday deal on the nook), and since they were about the same price I wanted to support the more open epub format, since you can load books from other sources.
price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc.
You have to call and beg them to lose your information and delete the account.
The device itself is amazing...-great TOUCHSCREEN interface-perfect reading screen-clean looking design, small because there is no keyboard to make it bigger and it's smaller than the original Nook-reads formats natively that the Kindle won't-read all the ebooks you want in B&N; stores for free-library checkouts are easy-press and hold on a word to get its definition-highlight and take notes in a book easily...but when you ROOT the thing it gets even better!-Install the Gmail app to get your mail-get the Opera browser (supports Flash!
Once you have mastered the idiosyncratic technique for converting books to EPUB format and loading them onto the NOOK - I suggest getting a copy of CALIBRE which will streamline the conversion process.
So i had to go online russian library ; download e book on my computer and convert to PD format by myself + its free .With Nook here is not a problem .All my ebooks I can read in print I wish.Just love this Nook!
Similarly, if anyone found your child's Nook, they too could purchase anything using your credit card information.I tried get creative and purchased a gift card for my child but although this can create a credit on the child's account, B&N; still requires a credit card to be on-file in order to 'unlock' the book.
The Nook and all other major e-readers use EPUB, a now-standard file format for e-books.
Pros:Touch screenExcellent battery lifeSized well for pockets or pursesThe gestures are pretty intuitiveThe functionality of ePub books is very goodThe device is able to use books from other sources who use ePub or PDF format (library or other sourceCons:The on-board memory capacity is 236MB (!
However, it is useful to look up information in books that may be linked, or to post commentary on your Facebook / Google / Twitter accounts.One item which might prove important to a few, which I discovered to my disappointment is that the NOOK will not recognize a WiFi access point created by your cell phone.
It's speculative to say whether or not this is a security measure based on my information set, but it is an issue that I'm sure at least a few others will wish to have known before purchasing.A case is a worthwhile consideration.
I choose this product because it's capable of support diferent formats, I convert my pdf files in EPUB whit free programs (calibre and sigil) and mi readings are now easy and the graphics are visualized correctly.
However, as other reviewers have stated, you can still borrow or buy Kindle or other formats of digital books and convert them to ePub via the free Calibre software.
Nook is awesome!The name sucks tough :)The price-quality ratio is great and this ereader, once rooted and running on android, can read just about any file type, no longer limited to epub and PDF (terrible format for ereaders).The delivery came way ahead of schedule, that was a pleasant surprise.So thanks AceElectronix and Barnes&Noble;!
Metadata from sideloaded content doesn't show up, and even purchased content requires you to be on wifi to see more information.That's about it.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
