I was given a Nook touch screen for Christmas and while excited, I really didn't want to convert to an e reader.
I do not buy anything that is not fully touch screen if it can be.
For some reason buttons make me feel very comfortable, but I do however use the touch screen every once in a while.
Since there are page-turn buttons, it would be helpful if the Nook had a feature to temporarily disable the touch screen.
Looking up a word in the dictionary can be accessed only through the touch screen and it is always responsive, BUT it might be frustrating for someone with big fingers because touching the screen and highlighting the intended word to look up might result with the device highlighting the word above or below it.
the filthy rich would like the wi fi 12.99 book ,though.I thought that the nook touch screen would be cool , but it is kind of a pain the the butt because the nook changes pages when ever your finger gets even close to the screen, weather you want to change pages or not.
There is no option to disable the touch screen while reading.I was required to connect the Nook to a B&N; account on setup.
the touch screen works better than i thought it would and seems scratch resistnant, i prefer it to the ones with buttons because you dont have to push to turn the page.
My understanding is that I can go to local libraries and even borrow my books using my Nook; This may or may not be any special news.The touch screen is a bit sensitive on the device, so if you prefer not to use it, they are also tactile "buttons" that will allow you to change pages.
They do not look like physical shelves, rather they are just a grouping of books.Without going into more technical stuff that you can read online, I will say that if you are new to e-reading and you enjoy touch screens -  AND YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A PRODUCT THAT SIMPLY ALLOWS YOU TO READ - Do not hesitate to go into a B/N and try this out.
Carrying the NOOK in one's pocket can create some issues with the touch screen, and it tends otherwise to cause the device to crash.
The touch screen is intuitive and responsive, the ebooks look great, and best of all, no hidden ads!
I've used both the Nook and Kindle readers and purchased the Nook ST for my personal use because I prefer to have buttons as well as the touch screen.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
It is easily charged from a micro USB connection and files can easily be copied from a PC.The crystal clear text and easy touch or button navigation make reading a pleasure.
If you will be reading books, you will like the NOOK Simple Touch.
I wish it lit up in the dark so you could continue reading when it was time for lights out, but I just ordered a light for it so that should help.
I will say that a cover really isn't necessary, the Simple Touch front has a rubberized frame that invites you to use without a cover though you might just want to use a cover for protection when you're not reading.
They are basically quite similar devices.My primary use is going to be reading product manuals and datasheets that are as a matter of unwrittenrule in the PDF format.
My secondary use would be reading ePub books, I have a large collection.The reason chose the Nook Touch over the Kindle were:+ support for open ePub format.+ expandable storage with SD card slot+ touch works better than Kindle's keyboard+ I can root the Nook and install a proper browserSure, there are minus points for Nook too:- Amazon has many many more bestsellers and newspapers last time I checked.This does not really matter to me.- No option for 3G.
In unfortunate contrast, Kindle offers a generic Serif, a generic Sans Serif, & something they call "Condensed".Nook's screen is crystal clear & glare resistant; and their lovely fonts provide an elegant reading experience.I must confess to you, I found Nook's Font Superiority Compelling, and when combined with the fact that the device itself sports a superior, more elegant design, I truly wanted Nook to prevail in this contest.
I understand you should do some research on products before you buy them but reading the users guide may be a stretch.
Sometimes while reading a book I will accidently touch the screen and the menu will pop up or the page will turn.
Good for reading if you buy the books from Barnes and noble.
They were so inexpensive I got one for me & one for my wife.I find the reading experience with the Simple Touch great.
It hasn't been a major issue though.I purchased aVerso Arc Light for Kindle, Nook, & Other eReaders - Blackand it works well for reading in low-light situations.
I liked the Kindle's sleek looks more than the Nook, but the screen on this is definitely better for reading (can't speak for the new Kindle Paper White).
Touch screen is very good and grat reading aunctions, higher than espectations, would have enjoyed however more extra functionalities on this model, such as listening to music.
If you are interested in reading you will not be dissapointed!My only complaint (if you can call it that) is that I wish there were more books available that I could share.
The device itself is amazing...-great TOUCHSCREEN interface-perfect reading screen-clean looking design, small because there is no keyboard to make it bigger and it's smaller than the original Nook-reads formats natively that the Kindle won't-read all the ebooks you want in B&N; stores for free-library checkouts are easy-press and hold on a word to get its definition-highlight and take notes in a book easily...but when you ROOT the thing it gets even better!-Install the Gmail app to get your mail-get the Opera browser (supports Flash!
There is no option to disable the touch screen while reading.I was required to connect the Nook to a B&N; account on setup.
I'd recommend this to anyone like myself who doesn't do a ton of reading, but still wants a simple e-reader.
(2) Even if I didn't, I could still buy books for the Google eBookstore at Google Play using a computer with an internet conection.Other things to consider:- Will you be reading books or daily publications more?
Amazon and B & N are too greedy trying to push stuff on the users as they feel like, at the users expense.I will try to get a new Android tablet instead (for reading, and Internet browsing).
It was just what I wanted, without all of the extra apps and everything else that distracts you from reading.
It really is as if you are reading a book, except less bulky.
It is only for reading.She loves to read and this encourages that wonderful hobby.
It looks like you are reading a physical book.
Then I remembered that it won't do that; which makes this great for reading no matter what position you may be sitting or lying in.The Nook accepts epub books; which means that you can get books from a variety of stores, not just Barnes & Noble.
B/N has Free Fridays - when you can download a featured book for free -, book share -with contacts on your device and social networks, and free reading of selected books when you are in B/N.
The home screen shows the book you are currently reading and the page number you are on - a few other books in your library, and some suggested readings.
They do not look like physical shelves, rather they are just a grouping of books.Without going into more technical stuff that you can read online, I will say that if you are new to e-reading and you enjoy touch screens -  AND YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A PRODUCT THAT SIMPLY ALLOWS YOU TO READ - Do not hesitate to go into a B/N and try this out.
PDF reading.
)Menu / keyboard items are not scalableNo parental filters / controlsNo on board method to manage files or memory usageThe small screen size decreases reading continuity at larger text sizes; no ability to view text in LandscapeApparently, Amazon really prefers you buy the Kindle, observing they are offering the NOOK for $40 more than for the price it is offered at Barnes and Noble.Summary:I own a Kindle and a NOOK Touch.
I choose this product because it's capable of support diferent formats, I convert my pdf files in EPUB whit free programs (calibre and sigil) and mi readings are now easy and the graphics are visualized correctly.
on time delivery, product as listed, great reader and simple to use even for a beginner would recommend just like reading a book
Even though the nook can be a potentially great e-reader, the reading experience for an e-reader is most important - and that's where this falls extremely short.The biggest obstacle comes to the usage of the dictionary.
Create a strong and exquisite foundation for a great reading experience and add graphics on top, rather than adding modernity to a product at the cost of the quality of the reading experience.
I look the book and enjoy reading while waiting at the Doctor's office, etc.
This is clearly a bait-n-switch because none of this is mentioned if you buy it in a physical store.The Nook comes with no advertisements and is a wonderful reading experience!
At the time this dawned on me, I immediately thought "If only there was a smaller form factor for the nook, I'd probably take that with me more, and start reading again..."Enter the nook touch.
However, I just heard that their latest firmware update prevents you from reading any books except those bought from B&N.
(Not 1, because e-reader can use other friends/partners and read different books)- Remember each book stop reading page, if I restart book again.- Need slide toolbar for quick select directory, shelf  etc.
Only if you only want an ereader and don't want tablet functions to distract you while reading.
Easy to hold in hands, however I recommend you to buy a protective case for it to make your reading even easier and more comfortable.
(Not 1, because e-reader can use other friends/partners and read different books)- Remember each book stop reading page, if I restart book again.- Need slide toolbar for quick select directory, shelf  etc.
Ironic, considering the Nook is their direct competitor.One thing to take into consideration is that the page numbers are synced with the actual pages of the ebook, regardless of font size or line spacing, so you can turn through page 85 two or three times before getting to page 86.
Also the buttons on the side that can be used to turn the page (if you dont wanna touch the screen) on the Nook Simple Touch are great and come in handy!
Touch the screen on the right side of the page (to go forward) or the left side (to go back).
Or swipe your finger across the screen as in flipping a physical book page.
Sometimes while reading a book I will accidently touch the screen and the menu will pop up or the page will turn.
Since there are page-turn buttons, it would be helpful if the Nook had a feature to temporarily disable the touch screen.
EDIT:  A year later...  the page buttons on the right side stick or don't work most of the time.
The built-in Wi-Fi couldn't connect to my home network, but a simple software update from the B&N; support page fixed that.2.
the filthy rich would like the wi fi 12.99 book ,though.I thought that the nook touch screen would be cool , but it is kind of a pain the the butt because the nook changes pages when ever your finger gets even close to the screen, weather you want to change pages or not.
x-ray is pretty cool.connectivity: kindle - for an additional $50 you can get a kindle with 3G.page turns: nook - slightly faster.
The unit fits nicely in the back pocket of my jeans or shorts, and it's trim and lightweight.There are convenient page turning buttons flanking the screen, making for easy one-handed operation in a subway.
You can turn a page with just a tap of your finger on the screen, or press a side bar.
From there you have to add the books to ADE then add them to your Nook, not a huge deal, but a few extra steps compared to the iPad.I also noticed that scrolling between pages had a bit of delay compared to the iPad and that when you were trying to use the scroll bar to advance more than a few pages at a time, it wasn't the most accurate.
You type in the name of a book into google and add "epub download" to the end, and somewhere on the first page of results is a working download (at least with every book I've had to try so far.)
For example, the Nook has a home-page and a very simple menu to orient yourself between different screens.
Press lightly on the outside rim of the page to turn it either way, press buttons on either side to turn the page the same direction that you have been turning.
Press near the top right corner to "bookmark" the page, press in the middle of the screen to open up a small main menu (from which you can access your homepage, your library, the shop, settings, etc), press and hold over a word to highlight, mark, or look it up.
the touch screen works better than i thought it would and seems scratch resistnant, i prefer it to the ones with buttons because you dont have to push to turn the page.
My understanding is that I can go to local libraries and even borrow my books using my Nook; This may or may not be any special news.The touch screen is a bit sensitive on the device, so if you prefer not to use it, they are also tactile "buttons" that will allow you to change pages.
The home screen shows the book you are currently reading and the page number you are on - a few other books in your library, and some suggested readings.
sometimes the copy just ends in the middle of a page when it's not the end of a paragraph or anything, just to continue at the top of the next page....None of these glitches are acceptable to me....they're all annoying and #2 totally distorts the meaning of the content...I'd give this unit the highest rating if the darn .pdf conversion worked correctly....so, I'm still looking for an eReader that works with pdfs...
- fashionable design, I particularly like the white rim- the page turn buttons are sturdy(while others complained about the "stickyness" I actually preferred it)- love, love, love the shelves option - I work at a library and enjoy putting things where the
It's actually like a book, you have a digital paper in your hands.Excellent to read, you could change the font's size, the page's margins.Too, your nook is a ecological solution, because you only have to charge it as twice to month
swipe, like you would if you were turning a real page.
You can page foreward by either hitting one of the two side buttons, tapping the right side of the screen, or making a swipe motion ANYWHERE on the screen.Amazon may have the slightly larger market, but B&N; is definitely winning in the hardware race for best simple tablet.
If you're reclining and turn to adjust the pillow, don't expect to return back to the same page you were on.
(Not 1, because e-reader can use other friends/partners and read different books)- Remember each book stop reading page, if I restart book again.- Need slide toolbar for quick select directory, shelf  etc.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
