Yet at Band N if you walk in, the same Nook is priced at $79 and you get a $20 gift card if you buy one .
Even the B&N; Forum has many references to the problem.I'm not saying that you should not buy one of these Nook Simple Touches, and maybe you will not have the same problem.
I will say that a cover really isn't necessary, the Simple Touch front has a rubberized frame that invites you to use without a cover though you might just want to use a cover for protection when you're not reading.
Buy a smartphone so you're conditioned to charge things more regularly :P- The rubber on the device is great for grippiness in your hand (and it won't go sliding from anywhere you put it unless a 8.0 earthquake hits), but it tends to attract dust and grime, and the type of rubber makes it *incredibly* hard to clean except with some kind of wet nap.Overall, it's the original nook, in a smaller package, with better battery life, a touchscreen, and a cleaner interface.
My secondary use would be reading ePub books, I have a large collection.The reason chose the Nook Touch over the Kindle were:+ support for open ePub format.+ expandable storage with SD card slot+ touch works better than Kindle's keyboard+ I can root the Nook and install a proper browserSure, there are minus points for Nook too:- Amazon has many many more bestsellers and newspapers last time I checked.This does not really matter to me.- No option for 3G.
What I like about Nook (so far):-easy to use-has a memory card slot for more storage capacity-light and convenient to carry around-very good for a basic readerWhat I don't like:-sometimes the display appears fadedAll in all, I'm liking my new Nook.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
It's just Awesome!The only pro i see is that it does not fit in your pocket :(
It's great because it's light, it's portable(it fits in my pocket!
I have had my nook simple touch for a few weeks now- I previously owned a Sony Reader pocket edition, and I own a iPad.
The unit fits nicely in the back pocket of my jeans or shorts, and it's trim and lightweight.There are convenient page turning buttons flanking the screen, making for easy one-handed operation in a subway.
Pros:Touch screenExcellent battery lifeSized well for pockets or pursesThe gestures are pretty intuitiveThe functionality of ePub books is very goodThe device is able to use books from other sources who use ePub or PDF format (library or other sourceCons:The on-board memory capacity is 236MB (!
Carrying the NOOK in one's pocket can create some issues with the touch screen, and it tends otherwise to cause the device to crash.
Press near the top right corner to "bookmark" the page, press in the middle of the screen to open up a small main menu (from which you can access your homepage, your library, the shop, settings, etc), press and hold over a word to highlight, mark, or look it up.
