While I still pick  up a regular book, my nook is enjoyable, and easy to take along, doesn't rip or get torn up.
It's not usable on the internet for browsing or my amazon books that I can get on my bigger nook with an app.
Once that happens, you have access to the android market, email, web browser, and more importantly, you can get apps that are better than the default nook book reader.
For all people confused on whether to get a nook or kindle...hopefully this helps!After hours of researching countless articles and watching reviews, I thought the nook would be the best choice for me.
The Barnes and noble store built into the nook simple touch is pretty good, and should suit the full needs of most people.
If you are looking for an ereader with a great browser, mp3 and mp4 capabilities,than the nook Simple Touch is NOT for you (get the nook Color or Nook Tablet).
If you want a great ereader with no real flaws, the latest in ereader technology, an extraordinary battery life, and an easy to use interface than this is the ereader to get.I was stuck between the kindle touch and a nook simple touch but I chose the nook because it displays books better (has pictures and the actual book covers instead of just the title in words) and the Touch screen is a lot more responsive on the Nook Simple Touch than on the kindle touch.
And personally the nook simple touch just FEELS better as in the navigation is faster and more smooth than the kindle touch which seemed to take longer and be a lot more "Blinky" on the kindle touch.
What should be a two-five step process is way more complex and requires special software on the computer to transfer the ebook to the nook.
There have been several occasions where my father-in-law (who is ok with technology) has called up and spent hours on the phone with my husband trying to figure out how to get a book onto the nook.I would not recommend this unless you plan to purchase only from the Nook itself.
Lesson - don't buy a nook.
If you try to access any images from a folder it will give you an error saying &#34;this nook cannot read this file.
nook is a good ereader and sony is also a good ereader and i would recommend both to my friends, depending on their needs/wants.SIDELOAD= downloading a ebook from your computer hard drive to your ereader, weather sony or nook.
Dont move an ebook, instead copy the ebook on the ereader & retain  the original download on computer hard drive because you might want to read it again in 10 years.MY NOOKi like MY nook because it is light wieght and the batteries last 1 month between recharges and it holds 500 books and has a slot to accept up to 32 gb flash drive memory, just in case i want my nook to hold 1000 books, and nook has a really bright white screen ,like expensive ink jet paper.If you leave wi fi &#34;on&#34;,nook battery only last 2 weeks between recharge, with wi fi off ,battery last 4 weeks.My sony prs 300 ereader screen looks kinda grayish in compairson to nook, but only when they are side by side,my sony ereader screen looks just fine by itself .My sony ereader -prs 300-is less than 1/2 price of nook, but has no wi-fi & only holds 9 books but allows you to delete books one at a time or 4 at once, so you always can make room for 3 or 4 new books.
sony reader for your computer is a epub & pdf reader 4 your computer that lets you download free internet books and copy them to the sony reader library ,where you can read the ebook on your computer and also sideload  a copy of the ebook,through the ubs2 cable  into your sony ereader - prs300the sony reader reconizes the sony ereader-prs 300 and allows sideloads.nook wieghts 6 oz and sony wieghts 8 oz, so not much difference in wieght.And nook has wi - fi ,in-case i want to pay $12.00 for a book instead of downloading the book for free on to my computer.There might just be a situation where i cant get to my computer to get a free book and i was so bored that i was willing to pay for a wi-fi book, but i dont think so.
the filthy rich would like the wi fi 12.99 book ,though.I thought that the nook touch screen would be cool , but it is kind of a pain the the butt because the nook changes pages when ever your finger gets even close to the screen, weather you want to change pages or not.
adobe lets you look at/read-- the book on your computer and see if you want to sideload it into your nook.
adobe digital editions will recon-nize your nook when you plug in the usb cord and has a drop down menu button that says copy ebook to nook.SIDELOAD means plug usb2 cable that comes with nook into computer and into nook.
You must delete every thing all at once and start from empty all over again.A very bad feature nook should change as soon as possible.The saving grace is the large 500 book capacity of the nook and the slot to install a 32 gb flash drive memory stick so that nook can hold 1000 books.
When you delete nook , you have to reregister nook at barnes & noble all over again.most people will be out of range of B&N; wi-fi ,so you wont be able to register nook without a trip to B&N; to get in range of the wi fi.
If nook make a large screen e-ink e-reader, may be 9 inch or A4.
Using the Adobe Digital software to unlock library books with the nook was a headache at first, and I'm a librarian who is somewhat tech-savy.
I have had my nook simple touch for a few weeks now- I previously owned a Sony Reader pocket edition, and I own a iPad.
Like the Sony reader, the nook can take notes but wouldn't be a great device to purchase for that purpose.It was pretty easy to set up- I didn't read the instruction manual, but I usually don't.
The advertised size of the nook is 2gb, which is a ton of books, but it wasn't enough room for the books I've acquired through other sources- like google book downloads.
Not a deal-killer by any means, but something to consider if you're planning to add your own epub library to your nook.Kindle vs. Nook- I haven't owned a kindle, only used it for a few minutes, but my personal opinion as I decided which to purchase was this: price was important (and I got a great black friday deal on the nook), and since they were about the same price I wanted to support the more open epub format, since you can load books from other sources.
after holding out for so long in converting from paper to digital, i decided to take the plunge and buy the nook.
I don't recommend the nook at all.
price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc.
x-ray is pretty cool.connectivity: kindle - for an additional $50 you can get a kindle with 3G.page turns: nook - slightly faster.
The nook e book reader has been a good buy for my wife.
First let me say this nook is lightweight and simple and good for anyone who simply loves to read and wants to bring their library with them.
Buying a cover and quality book light completes the package giving you the feel of a real book without the weight and the ability to read in bed at night ;) You can shop over a wifi network directly from your nook, while in Barnes and Noble read any nook book for free as long as you are there and connected to their wifi network, and you can even add your favorite social networks to share things with your friends.
If you're looking for something simple without bells and whistles and are a true book lover, you will love this nook.
Lose your nook and the thief can buy up stuff at B&N; on your dime.5.
*Barnes & Noble actually has stores to go and ask questions*On the nook, you can change the wallpaper/screensaver.
Second, you cannot use the nook without connecting to the internet via wifi, and the nook cannot connect to wifi that needs you to enter a password over a web browser.
The advantage of the nook over a kindle is simplicity when you aren't buying a book (ie, when you're obtaining a digital backup of a physical book you own, library digital checkouts, or you're pirating one.)
But other than that and the simplicity I'd probably go with a kindle for legit purchases (also I'm pretty sure the nook has been officially abandoned by B&N;, which will of course make any syncing that may have existed even more problematic in the future.)
Would totally recommend a nook.
The nook seems to work great now that I can use it, but using barnes and noble for you ebooks might not be the best idea.
This is a sold update to the older nook, but gez you have to hit the webs just to find out you need to charge it OVERNIGHT in a WALL PLUG only before first usage AND that it MUST be turned on before trying to connect to windows.
Even though the nook can be a potentially great e-reader, the reading experience for an e-reader is most important - and that's where this falls extremely short.The biggest obstacle comes to the usage of the dictionary.
But after getting my nook I realized all the space I've been saving by not having a bookshelf.
It's actually like a book, you have a digital paper in your hands.Excellent to read, you could change the font's size, the page's margins.Too, your nook is a ecological solution, because you only have to charge it as twice to month
But unfortunaly my test kindle file would not work on the nook, not the nooks fault as it reads files from everyone else.Choose the nook for it's simple touch.
At the time this dawned on me, I immediately thought "If only there was a smaller form factor for the nook, I'd probably take that with me more, and start reading again..."Enter the nook touch.
If I want to buy something, I do it via my phone's nook app, or the web.-  While my battery life is good *now*, it wasn't so good when I first got it.
Buy a smartphone so you're conditioned to charge things more regularly :P- The rubber on the device is great for grippiness in your hand (and it won't go sliding from anywhere you put it unless a 8.0 earthquake hits), but it tends to attract dust and grime, and the type of rubber makes it *incredibly* hard to clean except with some kind of wet nap.Overall, it's the original nook, in a smaller package, with better battery life, a touchscreen, and a cleaner interface.
For cheaper than the original nook.
price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc.
Once that happens, you have access to the android market, email, web browser, and more importantly, you can get apps that are better than the default nook book reader.
Buying a cover and quality book light completes the package giving you the feel of a real book without the weight and the ability to read in bed at night ;) You can shop over a wifi network directly from your nook, while in Barnes and Noble read any nook book for free as long as you are there and connected to their wifi network, and you can even add your favorite social networks to share things with your friends.
