From this one user's experience: if you go with Nook, hope that you won't need their customer service.
I understand you should do some research on products before you buy them but reading the users guide may be a stretch.
Amazon and B & N are too greedy trying to push stuff on the users as they feel like, at the users expense.I will try to get a new Android tablet instead (for reading, and Internet browsing).
For a user who only want's the basics, this is perfect.
I imagine a new touch reader will probably be released within the next few months, but unless the user interface is majorly updated, it's hard to imagine I'd feel the need to upgrade, since the current version meets almost all of my needs perfectly well.
Some might not like it because you have to push pretty hard, but that's by design.Second the platform is user friendly and great to navigate.Third the font choices are better and you get several more to choose from.
Well, controls are easy to learn, but in case you forget something, the user guide is already inside as your first available book.
My secondary use would be reading ePub books, I have a large collection.The reason chose the Nook Touch over the Kindle were:+ support for open ePub format.+ expandable storage with SD card slot+ touch works better than Kindle's keyboard+ I can root the Nook and install a proper browserSure, there are minus points for Nook too:- Amazon has many many more bestsellers and newspapers last time I checked.This does not really matter to me.- No option for 3G.
This Nook model is not available for sale outside the US, for good reason, though.
You can even put amazon's android kindle reader on it as well.The reason for the relatively low rating is that all of these features and functionality should have been unlocked by default.
For some reason buttons make me feel very comfortable, but I do however use the touch screen every once in a while.
I may buy a Kindle some time-if I truly find a reason, but it will be a backup to my Nook library.I know that Amazon is doing this loss leader thing, selling at a loss, trying to convert everyone to Kindles so that you will be married to them forever (now that they finally have something that can compete with the Nook simple touch and Nook color).
I also suggest that your purchase one CaseCrown leather Regal flip case sold through Amazon; they are high quality for a reasonable price.
it is my first e-reader  ;) thank you...I recommend the Nook Simple Touch to any one who loves to read as I do.
Nook is awesome!The name sucks tough :)The price-quality ratio is great and this ereader, once rooted and running on android, can read just about any file type, no longer limited to epub and PDF (terrible format for ereaders).The delivery came way ahead of schedule, that was a pleasant surprise.So thanks AceElectronix and Barnes&Noble;!
Would be interesting to see a report from someone that knows specifics about the software shop that developed the Nook Simple Touch code.
