I love it and would suggest it for anyone looking at purchasing an e reader.
I love this product, and I recommend it to EVERYONE.
I love my Nook simple touch but will review another time.
Thank you soooo much for your kindness and my grandson loves the Nook.I recommend them highly and I dont give recommendations so easily.
In unfortunate contrast, Kindle offers a generic Serif, a generic Sans Serif, & something they call "Condensed".Nook's screen is crystal clear & glare resistant; and their lovely fonts provide an elegant reading experience.I must confess to you, I found Nook's Font Superiority Compelling, and when combined with the fact that the device itself sports a superior, more elegant design, I truly wanted Nook to prevail in this contest.
However I love going to the Barnes & Noble store because if you take your Nook, you are able to read any Nook book for free for up to 1 hour per day without purchasing it.
TEXTBOOK USER beware though that charts and tables are at a fixed size and cannot be enlarged.Overall very happy and most of all I love not looking at a backlit screen for enjoyment.
So that is really the only problem I have with this.Other than that, if you just want something simple --like the products suggest - you will love this little device.
Most of the guys here have Kindles and they love them, I would recommend and wish I did, get a kindle.
First let me say this nook is lightweight and simple and good for anyone who simply loves to read and wants to bring their library with them.
If you're looking for something simple without bells and whistles and are a true book lover, you will love this nook.
So if you're seeing question marks in any titles where numbers should be, try that solution!I sure love beta testing new products for these big companies -- NOT!
They love that you can download library book.
it is my first e-reader  ;) thank you...I recommend the Nook Simple Touch to any one who loves to read as I do.
So i had to go online russian library ; download e book on my computer and convert to PD format by myself + its free .With Nook here is not a problem .All my ebooks I can read in print I wish.Just love this Nook!
It is only for reading.She loves to read and this encourages that wonderful hobby.
I love my Nook Simple Touch and would recommend it to anyone.
- fashionable design, I particularly like the white rim- the page turn buttons are sturdy(while others complained about the "stickyness" I actually preferred it)- love, love, love the shelves option - I work at a library and enjoy putting things where the
She loved it and said it was the only one her school would let her use to get school books.
If you love your partner and yourself - upgrade it for your own benefit.
It hasn't been a major issue though.I purchased aVerso Arc Light for Kindle, Nook, & Other eReaders - Blackand it works well for reading in low-light situations.
You have a nice light, long battery life E-reader that works well in appropriate lighting.
Once that happens, you have access to the android market, email, web browser, and more importantly, you can get apps that are better than the default nook book reader.
I have only charged this device 4 times since owning it.If you are interested in "apps", or music, or surfing... this product is not for you.
It was just what I wanted, without all of the extra apps and everything else that distracts you from reading.
However since it uses android you can easily root it and install apps that allows you to read Kindle books and pretty much anything else your heart desires.
The newer models access the web, have apps, play games, do email and color.
compact, great e-ink infrared touch screen, microsd card slot, two-month battery life, wifi, support for pdf and epub, and best of all, running Android!the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:- fast, responsive, and crystal clear screen - even in sunlight- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame- use 'shelves' to organize your titles- view titles as icons or in a list- insert bookmarks, notes- look up words instantly with its built-in dictionary- change fonts, font sizes on the fly- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer- and much more...no ereader is perfect, but this one comes close; i held off buying one until the market provided lots of choices - and the STR is the one i've been waiting for!btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!
