This fills up quite quickly, I have to change it twice weekly (stay at home mom), so it doesn't smell to me.
great product, does what is supposed to do, and the best thing is that you don't need to buy refill bags (like Diaper Genie) you end up saving money that can go to diapers or formula...
Wouldn't b/c sticker on diaper tag traps in the weight thingy that pushes diaper down.
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
We always tightly wrap our diapers and I even tried washing it frequently but after about 3 or 4 days the stench comes right back and now I'm at a point where it's just taking too much time and effort to maintain.
Also everytime you dispose your diaper it smells even when you are careful to put the poopy diapers in a plastic bag before disposing.
I haven't noticed any seepage of smells.I would recommend it over the others on the market.
This is just a fancy trashcan, because it smells bad once you put a dirty diaper in there!!
My son is in size 4 diapers and the Champ last a week without changing the bag or ANY smells!
I want to start by saying that there isn't a diaper pail in existence that will keep smells out of your house 100%.
Oh, it does work at keeping the smells out, also uses garbage bags which is great, but if you look closely, the top is actually narrower than the bottom.
My son is almost two, and let me tell you, little babies just don't produce the smells like the older ones.
There is nothing sealing the smells in.
We empty it out often but even when we put a new trash bag and wipe it down and spray it down with lysol it still smells like poop.
But I have also found that this pail actually smells less and the smell was easier to get out with cleaning.
You can use regular supermarket plastic bags in it, it's so easy to empty, and I haven't had any problems with smells from this product.
I know because when you open it to empty a full bag, it smells awful.
The unique hopper design allows one-handed use and keeps smells from permeating the nursery.
It is not anymore difficult than emptying my kitchen trashcan and it smells a lot better!
It is so easy to use, never smells (so far) and I love that you can use your own garbage bags and do not have to purchase special bags to use with this diaper pail!
The diaper champ is simple to use and no smells.
), and NEVER smells.
The champ is easy to use (just drop in and flip), we have NO smells, and you can use regular trash bags.
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
It does a pretty good job of keeping the smells away.
As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.
I actually bought it seoncd hand and still I have not problems with scents.The great thing about it is that you can use regular garbage bags.
I can't say enough great things about it.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
I decided to get this diaper disposal system instead of all of the others for one simple fact: NO REFILLS NEEDED!
Maybe as baby grows into larger diapers it will be more like 2 - 3 times a week.Still, that's better than taking every dirty diaper (8 or more a day) outside to the garbage can, especially in a Minnesota winter.
Now her room reeks after every poopy diaper so we either have to empty this thing once or twice a day - which is very wasteful and inconvenient - or put up with the smell, which of course, we are not willing to do.
I would also recommend changing the plastic at LEAST every other day.
My baby is 1 month old now and we have been using the diaper champ since day 1.
If I would have known what I now today I would not have wasted my money and would have went for the real deal.
Believe me, when you're only getting 3-4 hours of sleep a night, day-to-day tasks like emptying this thing (or eating  regularly or showering for that matter) will be forgotten.
And I just changed the bag yesterday!
That became an after thot on the first day of a few good poops.
I empty it every other day so that his room doesn't have the odor of dirty diapers.
I have used it for 3 days so far and am just thrilled with it.
It holds a lot of diapers so it doesn't need to be changed every day.
I bought it at the store, 29.99, I clipped a coupon out of the Sunday paper for 20% off any one item at Toys R Us, so I ended up paying a little over 20.00 for it.
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
We do change the bag about ever 3-4 days (keep in mind we have TWO TIMES the diapers) and wash it out frequently as well.
It is much easier to take out the trash once a day than live with a smelly room.
My SIL changes her bag every 2/3 days and she has no problems with odor!
I use it faithfully every day and love the ease and convenience of only having to change the bag once a week!
I change the bag every 5-6 days or so.
Fortunately Babies R Us will allow you to exchange the damaged item if it has been 90 days or less.
She would have to change the bag in the Diaper Genie every half day if she had that!
I just don't know that you can really expect "odor-free" from any diaper pail.That said, we've been satisfied enough with this pail, but then just yesterday the foam lining on the top came out.
Just use grocery bags/department store bags and empty it every 2-3 days.
I love this so much that I took time out of my day when my baby is sleeping (and Moms you know how precious nap time is!)
I couldn't figure out the Diaper Genie in the daytime!
We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!
I have been truly thrilled with the quality and cost-effectiveness of the Diaper Champ -- so much so that I am buying a SECOND one today so we can retire the old one.
This really does keep the smell in.With having twins, we change the bag every couple of days.
Now you're taking out an extra bag of garbage every day or two!!
Our little boy's room was smelly when we would open the door to get him up for the day.
In fact, we actually bought a second one for our lower level where I spend most of the daytime hours with our son.
And the obvious, change the bag every couple days to eliminate the smell... don't expect to leave it there for a week and have it smell like roses!2.
No odor, easy to use, and large enough where I don't have to replace the bag every 3 days, like I did with the Dekor.
It holds several days worth of smaller diapers.
Also I don't have to bend down as much to use it, which really makes a difference when you use it 20 times a day.
We change the bag about every 5 days when its full, which every 5 days is not bad at all!
(though you need to change the bag after 7 days or so if the weather is warm, but the same is true with the Genie...I mean come on now...it is a bag of poo and pee).So I bought a 2nd Champ and sold the Genie to a 2nd hand store.
We always tightly wrap our diapers and I even tried washing it frequently but after about 3 or 4 days the stench comes right back and now I'm at a point where it's just taking too much time and effort to maintain.
By trash day the pail is full, easily indicated by having to push the plunger down manually because the other dirty diapers are close to the top.
Park this thing right next to the changing table, and just drop the diaper in as you go.
The only good thing (and I mean the only), was that it took regular trash bags.
The latch is a little difficult to open, but I think that is a good thing since my eleven month old loves opening and playing with things she shouldn't be.
We decided to buy the Diaper Champ after the second baby 'cause we heard such good things about it - and now with 2 kids we knew we would be filling it up a lot.
Later, the wadding that keeps the smell in started to tear so since we were expecting a new baby, we decided to try the New Improved Diaper Champ.This thing is a pain, nothing like the first.
Even the old pail hardly smelled bad to me, I think after you have changed diapers for 4 years, you get somewhat immune to it.
After Our Diaper Genie broke after 2 years, I was advised to buy the D. Champ.
We've been using ours for going on 5 years and it works wonderful.
My daughter is now 2 years old, and I'm pregnant with our second.
Perfect for the nursery or any room in the house where baby is changed.
In fact, I am considering buying one for my church's nursery, after having to smell a pretty foul diaper from one of the other babies there.
Do not listen to the other reviews on this webpage - this product makes the entire nursery smell!
So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.
It's easy to operate and looks good in my daughter's nursery.
Every time we open it to remove the full bag, we find out just how great a job it does in keeping the smell out of the nursery!The only problem I've had was opening it.
if you dont mind washing the champ once in a while so that it wont stink up your nursery room.
He is now 6 weeks and it is getting a little more smelly and sometimes you can smell it when you walk past it in the nursery.
The unique hopper design allows one-handed use and keeps smells from permeating the nursery.
I shoudn't have the gag reflex every time I enter my daughters nursery.
We don't have a problem with the nursery smelling at all!!
By trash day the pail is full, easily indicated by having to push the plunger down manually because the other dirty diapers are close to the top.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
You put a dirty diaper in the hole, and flip the handle to dump the diaper into the champ.
No need to stick your hand inside.
The ease of use factor is amazing, drop a dirty diaper in the hole, grab the handle, give it a flip, the plunger pushes the diaper down and it drops into the can with a little gravitic help.No wrenching, turning, fighting a cartridge bag system.Opening it for the first time was a little hard, but look at that from a child's point of view, a toddler is not going to get into it, and neither is a dog.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
Just put the diaper in the hole and flip the handle over.
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
Sometimes you have to push the &quot;weight&quot; down after you flip the handle, but that just means that the pail is full and you need to change the bag.
Hold your nose and get ready to run out of the room when you flip the handle, but with larger diapers you don't stand a chance of making it as they often get stuck.
My only issue is that its hard to flip the handle over using one hand - kind of a must when holding on to a squirmy infant.
Plus with the Diaper Champ you can flip the handle and away goes the dirty diaper.
With the Diaper Champ, I can keep one hand on baby while disposing of the diaper with the other and best of all, no refills.
So much safer than the others that require a two handed operation!
Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
Now when you flip the handle you get the Stick Up smell instead.
We loved it at first since it is so much easier to use than the diaper genie - you just drop the diaper in the slot and flip the handle.
All you do to dispose of the diaper is flip the handle, no twisting, squishing, squeezing whatever required.
You don't have to touch anything - just put it in and flip the handle.
You put your diaper in flip the handle and thats it.
:)The only down-side, is that babysitters are so "diaper genieized" they pop off the side handle trying to do it the wrong way.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
:)  I love the Diaper Champ - you can operate it with one hand (allowing you a free hand to hold down a squirming baby on the changing table), no special bags to purchase, and odor-free if you stay on top of changing the bag and spraying with Lysol every few bag changes.
Just one simple flip of the handle puts the diaper in.
Biggest advantages over it's biggest competitor (Diaper Genie)...  no costly refills, and you only need one hand to operate.
It is easy to toss a diaper, wipes, etc in while you are changing so you don't have a mess on your changing table and then you can wait until you are through to turn the handle (which can be done easily with one hand).
*  When preparing to open the Champ, either (1) keep your baby strapped into the changing table, (2) set them down on the floor or into a confined area, or (3) hand the baby to someone with free hands... Why you may ask?
It's also really easy to use, all you need is one hand to drop and dispose of the diaper.
But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
The diaper champ is so easy and great because you can do it with one hand.
We have cured the smell by keeping handy a container of bleach-wipes, and frequently wiping thoroughly in and out of the drum.
All with one hand, I can load the diaper, sprinkle some soda on it, and kiss it bye.
It reeks of retained vile diaper odor AND the stupid design makes it very difficult to replace the bag with 2 hands.
Just throw your folded up diaper in the openning on the top and flip the handle the other way and its gone (one thought here that I should note...I have had to fish "Pink Bunny" out of the Diaper Champ a few times during nap time...so consider this too when easy to use is a factor in your purchace.
One hand to drop the diaper in and then flip the handle.
When releasing the latch (which is, wonderfully, a one-handed job, although it can be a tad bit difficult to squeeze), it springs open rather sharply.
Odors are nonexistent and the one-handed action is great!
The Neat Diaper has an internal second chamber that you have to literally stuff the diaper into, which is a tight space, awkward (actually scraped skin off a knuckle), risks getting pooh on hands.
It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.
I have never had a problem with odor, and it is truely one hand operable, as well as taking less than a second to operate.
All you do is flip the handle over and you're done.
I actually bought it seoncd hand and still I have not problems with scents.The great thing about it is that you can use regular garbage bags.
Also, it's really easy to clean -- not that it gets really dirty, but you've got to stay on top of it (again ... given what it's supposed to hold ....).An excellent addition to our baby's room ... you can also use it with one hand while you hold your little one on the changing table (no small benefit either).
It was easy to set up and easy to use, just drop the diaper in the cylinder and flip the handle (make sure you wrap it tight to prevent it getting caught).
If you want to do it with one hand, you'll need to step on the bottom of the champ first and then pull up hard.I have another baby on the way, but have already sold my diaper champ.
We found its easier to do, and more accurate if you open the system, and dispose of the diaper with two hands.
Plus what a pain when you have a baby in your hand.
I am so glad I did, I mean I for one do not find it the least bit pleasant to have to squish down a poopy diaper into a plastic bag with my hands (Diaper genie).
I am constantly telling them not to put their hand into the hole the dirty diapers go in - Just gross since the diapers directly touch this area with no liner!2.
As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.
AND you can use regular trash bags & dispose of the diaper with one hand!
Opening it.I have broken off three nails on my right hand trying to get this thing open.
My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.
No smell, no mess, truely one-handed and no expensive refills to have to buy and with gas prices, that is just extra when you have to drive to the store right?!?
It entices my older son to help me b/c he loves to put the diaper in and turn the handle.
I just roll the diapers up, put them in the hole and flip the handle.One big benefit over the DG, is that I purchased a roll of scented 8 gallon bags for about $3 before the baby and I still haven't used all the bags - my daughter will be 11 months soon!
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
The only complaint is when it gets too full the handle/chute part gets jammed and can be hard to un-jam, but I guess that's what happens when I don't change it often enough.
The unique hopper design allows one-handed use and keeps smells from permeating the nursery.
Very easy just to flip the top with one hand.
Yes, it can be a bit tricky to open (I found using two hands works best) but then again do I want something that is holding wet and otherwise dirty diapers to open easily?
Older son also pulls this over way more than he ever did with the Genie, and unfortunately, once he figured how the handle flips over, he puts things down inside the hole and flips the handle, so a few of his smaller toys have ended up down in the bag with the diapers.
I love that it's one handed and not hard to use at all.
I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.
It's very handy, and so much cheaper than having to buy liners!
The lid is difficult to open and you need to use both hands.
Put the diaper in, flip the handle and the poop-filled Huggie and the smell with it, simply disappear.
(3) Only one hand is required to use.
It has only stopped up a couple of times for me, but I just move the handle back and forth and it always comes unclogged and it is usually when it needs to be changed.
We like to use drawstring garbage bags, which makes it easier to close up the nasty mess before toting it right out to the outside garbage can.For twins and other multiples, the Champ beats the Genie hands down because of its volume and its use of inexpensive regular garbage can liners.
So, you have to fold the darn things into these little compact bundles, getting baby poo and pee all over your hands.
All this defeats the purpose of having a "hands-free" diaper pail!
I am usually in a hurry and the flip handle is very easy to use.
Also, it's great that you only need one hand to operate it so that you can still hold on to the baby.
(though you need to change the bag after 7 days or so if the weather is warm, but the same is true with the Genie...I mean come on now...it is a bag of poo and pee).So I bought a 2nd Champ and sold the Genie to a 2nd hand store.
I do like that a toddler would not be able to open this up or get his/her hands inside of it.
The plunger can make a loud 'thud' if you turn the handle quickly so at night I just leave the diaper sitting on top until baby is awake, or turn it really slowly.
Once a week take a couple Clorox wipes and wipe inside the hole where you put the dirty diaper, to clean any yucky leftover residue, flip the handle and do the other side, then wipe down the handle.5.
Once a week take a couple Clorox wipes and wipe inside the hole where you put the dirty diaper, to clean any yucky leftover residue, flip the handle and do the other side, then wipe down the handle.5.
Even the old pail hardly smelled bad to me, I think after you have changed diapers for 4 years, you get somewhat immune to it.
My son is a year now and eating solids, therefore those poo-poo diapers are getting really bad.
I have 3 1/2 year old twins and a 6 month old, and I have not used my Diaper Champ since my twins were a month old.
After Our Diaper Genie broke after 2 years, I was advised to buy the D. Champ.
We've been using ours for going on 5 years and it works wonderful.
The boy is now 1 year old and we have had it since the beginning.
I wonder how many of the reviewers that say it does have children over 1 year old.
I mean aprox 200-250 bags a year is only six bucks!
I have a 1 year old and the bigger the baby, the bigger the diapers.
We've been using our Diaper Champ for over a year now, & though some stink escapes with the occasional "real dirty" diaper, it does control odor very well.
So I bought two - one for the one year old, and another for my second child, on the way.
I intend to recycle my two year old Diaper Champ before the baby arrives with a brand new one.
My daughter is now 2 years old, and I'm pregnant with our second.
I now have a 2 year old and this only needs to be emptied weekly.
Also, to give it a little good smell I buy a 2 pk of stick-ups(.97 cents at Wal-Mart) & stick one in the bottom of the pail.You will not go wrong betting on this one.
):  Place a Bounce dryer sheet in the bottom of the pail (before putting the trash bag in)and spray thoroughly with Lysol after each use.
If there is, all you need is a little baking soda on the bottom.
The bottom is wider than the top so the diapers fill up the wider spot at the bottom making it hard to pull the bag out of the top.
If you want to do it with one hand, you'll need to step on the bottom of the champ first and then pull up hard.I have another baby on the way, but have already sold my diaper champ.
I have also heard that some people put kitty litter at the bottom of the bag to help eliminate some of the odors, but I haven't had to try this yet.
Oh, it does work at keeping the smells out, also uses garbage bags which is great, but if you look closely, the top is actually narrower than the bottom.
To make sure there is no smell eminating from it, we put a box of Arm & Hammer in the bottom and use scented garbage bags- and there is NO BAD SMELL AT ALL!
(Now that my baby is older and stinkier, I notice a faint smell if I stand right over it, but I just sprinkle some baking soda in the bag, or you could but a couple charcoal brickettes in the bottom, or any other of the 101 odor absorbing remedies out there.
There is one serious design flaw though - the pail is tapered such that the bottom is noticeably larger than the top (probably for balancing purposes).
It's a pretty easy problem to fix!
I have used it for 3 days so far and am just thrilled with it.
We do change the bag about ever 3-4 days (keep in mind we have TWO TIMES the diapers) and wash it out frequently as well.
My SIL changes her bag every 2/3 days and she has no problems with odor!
I change the bag every 5-6 days or so.
Fortunately Babies R Us will allow you to exchange the damaged item if it has been 90 days or less.
Just use grocery bags/department store bags and empty it every 2-3 days.
This really does keep the smell in.With having twins, we change the bag every couple of days.
And the obvious, change the bag every couple days to eliminate the smell... don't expect to leave it there for a week and have it smell like roses!2.
No odor, easy to use, and large enough where I don't have to replace the bag every 3 days, like I did with the Dekor.
It holds several days worth of smaller diapers.
We change the bag about every 5 days when its full, which every 5 days is not bad at all!
(though you need to change the bag after 7 days or so if the weather is warm, but the same is true with the Genie...I mean come on now...it is a bag of poo and pee).So I bought a 2nd Champ and sold the Genie to a 2nd hand store.
We always tightly wrap our diapers and I even tried washing it frequently but after about 3 or 4 days the stench comes right back and now I'm at a point where it's just taking too much time and effort to maintain.
Very useful if you have a baby in your arms.If I have anything to do with it, I will NEVER use any other diaper pail again!
You don't have to touch anything - just put it in and flip the handle.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
don't even understand why it would work better than anything else.
So what if the refills are $5, do you pay (usually) to throw anything else away?
You never smell anything from these!
It is very difficult to squeeze anything else into it.
Bottom line: diapers smell in anything you put them in.
I have rarely smelled anything, and if I do, that means it's time to take out the trash.
when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it....unlike the Diaper Genie!
I got the Neat diaper disposal system first but gave it up pretty quickly since you have to squish your dirty diaper through a small slot & believe me you never wanna sqeeze a diaper into anything EVER!
I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
I did not know anything about the Diaper Champ when I bought it but it has been FANASTIC!!
I don't believe anything is that perfect.
I had the Diaper Genie and it didn't keep odors out.
But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
I am usually in a hurry and the flip handle is very easy to use.
Perfect for the nursery or any room in the house where baby is changed.
Having raw sewage sitting in your house will never smell good, so matter what product you use to try and cover it up -
Any possible smell is locked in, you carry it outside then open lid to change bag so no smell is ever lingering in the house.
The champ, the baby bjorn, fluerville diaper bag, and graco pack and play bassinet all vie for the best baby purchase.Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.UpdateI knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!!
I want to start by saying that there isn't a diaper pail in existence that will keep smells out of your house 100%.
You can also use any trash bags you already have around the house, which is why we purchased this particular diaper pail.
I've even had other Moms tell me that they can't smell dirty diapers in my house, even with 2 kids producing them.
The Diaper Genie is still working at my Mom's house but the Champ was stinky and has since broken.
You can easily take them with you when you go out of the house!
Anything that houses human waste will only go so long before an odor kicks in.
Yes if you leave the pail open for long periods of time there might be an odor but this is easily fixable by placing an odor disc, like you put in vacum bags, in the current trashbag.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
You can use any trash bag2.
The champ is just like a regular trash can with a lid-just looks fancier.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
There is a smell when changing the bag, but it isn't anydifferent than changing a kitchen trash can.
Yuck.We're better served by a flip-top trash can, frankly.
Granted our 3-month old isn't producing really stinky diapers yet, but the Champ is much better than using a trash can.
):  Place a Bounce dryer sheet in the bottom of the pail (before putting the trash bag in)and spray thoroughly with Lysol after each use.
Otherwise, you'll notice the smell for sure...as you're digging through the trash bag to recover said object.Outstanding product.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
I love that you can use regular trashbags instead of buying special ones just for the diaper pail.
The Diaper Champ uses an ordinary trash bag so saving money is just another benefit.
What a hassle!Our recommendation: buy a tall trash barrel with a foot lever, and if your toddler gets curious attach an appliance latch.
Now we just put the diapers in regular grocery bags and throw them in the kitchen trash.
The only foul aroma you will smell is when you change the trash bag.
I buy the cheap storebrand kitchen trash bags from my supermarket, which come in a package of 15 or 20 for less than $2, and lasts me MONTHS!
It's very convenient that you don't have to buy special (expensive) replacement bags for it and can use any type of kitchen trash bag.
We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
The best part is that we were able to use regular trash bags.
I had with my first child was only used a month or so and then I just used the outside trash because it was such a pain.I only gave it 4 stars because it is hard to open (I've also broken a nail trying to do it) and I wish the top unhinged all the way; it has a tendancy to slam back shut.
The added convienance of using standard trash bags is a major and inexpensive bonus!
This is just a fancy trashcan, because it smells bad once you put a dirty diaper in there!!
My solution wound up being a good Simplehuman trashcan.
Very cost efficient, and no stinky diapers in the trash!
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
I have rarely smelled anything, and if I do, that means it's time to take out the trash.
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
I like the fact that you can use your own bags, but it's no longer any more effective than just a regular trash can sitting in his room with the lid up.
You would have to open it, shove a dirty diaper into a very small hole, close it... and than TURN a knob about 6 times for the diaper to make it to the base...CHANGING THE BAGS*  Remove the top off of the champ to access the bag*  Tie the bag closed, like a regular garbage bag*  Haul it to the OUTSIDE trash bin, preferably inside another bag to keep the animals away...*  Wash the container at least every other week, or spray it with a disinfectant, like Lysol or Oust.
My husband liked it so much he wants to buy another one for the den just for regular trash!!!
It is much easier to take out the trash once a day than live with a smelly room.
I love that you can use regular kitchen-size trash bags and don't need to purchase any special expensive bags.
You can also use any trash bags you already have around the house, which is why we purchased this particular diaper pail.
We're spending more on trash bags then we would on Diaper Genie bags.
AND you can use regular trash bags & dispose of the diaper with one hand!
My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.
It is very nice to be able to used regular kitchen sized trash bags.
You can use regular trash bags which helps reduce the cost of expensive specialty bags.
We empty it out often but even when we put a new trash bag and wipe it down and spray it down with lysol it still smells like poop.
There is sometimes a smell when you empty it, because you are pulling out a trash bag with smelly diapers in it.
It is very easy to clean and I spray it with bleach water and wipe it down before replacing a new trash bag.
The only good thing (and I mean the only), was that it took regular trash bags.
I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.
I am really interested in finding another &quot;use-any-trashbag&quot; style for sake of our finances.
You can use any type of trash bag with this versus the diaper genie where you have to purchase their expensive bags.
We preferred this model over the newer model.Its easy to use and doesn't need any special bags.We change the trash bag in the Diaper Champ once, maybe twice a week.
*A helpful hint* use any odor shield trash bag and you really will not have to worry about those smelly diapers!
It is not anymore difficult than emptying my kitchen trashcan and it smells a lot better!
We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!
You are better off buying a trash can with a lid.
It takes regular trash bags.
You don't have to purchase extra materials for the Diaper Champ, you can use your own trash bags.
Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
I use scented trash bags and spray it out with Lysol after each changing and it has yet to smell.
The champ is easy to use (just drop in and flip), we have NO smells, and you can use regular trash bags.
I go out of my way to bring smelly diapers to the champ instead of walking them outside to the trash bin.
Its easy to open and remove bag when its time to change the trash bag.
By trash day the pail is full, easily indicated by having to push the plunger down manually because the other dirty diapers are close to the top.
Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
It is much more cost effective then the genie b/c you don't need to keep buying the expensive bag inserts, just use any old trash bag.There is also no messing with loading a newbag like the genie.
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
This is a great baby shower gift!
I love the concept of a diaper champ, but somebody do something about the smell, please.
I plan on ditching it and getting something else asap.
I'd say look for something else!
It is about darn time that someone listens to us parents and makes something that is not only economical but also looks nice.
There's just something fascinating about the way the diaper "dissapears".
I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
It is hard to get stuff out of this space.We've only noticed something in this space once or twice.
I have had the Diaper Champ for 16 months now, and think it is pretty cost effective, compare to the Diaper Genie, but frankly I am considering buying something else, cause it really does not keep the odors in.
Yes, it can be a bit tricky to open (I found using two hands works best) but then again do I want something that is holding wet and otherwise dirty diapers to open easily?
I originally had the wide open diaper genie but they stopped making the wide open liners for that model so I decided to try something new.
If I see a stain or smear of something, I just use a baby wipe to clean it off.Chances are if you smell something, it's because it's full or dirty and there is no product out there that works well when it exceeds it's capacity or isn't taken care of.
My childs clothing - including cloth diapers - are virtually stain free.I highly recommend this item.
I originally put this item on my baby registry because friends of mine highly recommended the use of a diaper pail.
I recommend wiping it out with a disinfectant wipe each item as well as wiping down the part where you put the diapers into and flip.
If you need to get a diaper pail, I urge you to check out this item.
I love this item!
Out of all the new baby items we registered for, this one has no flaws that we can think of.
So far, I've been very pleased with this item.
I bought it at the store, 29.99, I clipped a coupon out of the Sunday paper for 20% off any one item at Toys R Us, so I ended up paying a little over 20.00 for it.
Wonderful item!!
I am the owner of a used baby store in NJ, (I have a champ there too) and this is one of my hottest items, I have several diaper genies there that just do not sell.You will not be sorry you brought the Diaper Champ.
Fortunately Babies R Us will allow you to exchange the damaged item if it has been 90 days or less.
It alleviates countless trips to buy a specialized item.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
Granted our 3-month old isn't producing really stinky diapers yet, but the Champ is much better than using a trash can.
I suppose we could buy a second one, but I don't think parents should have to buy a new "diaper pail" every six months or so for $29.99.The other minor disappointment with the Diaper Champ, as many others have mentioned, is the difficulty of opening it to empty.
Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.
You also have to CLEAN THE THING, its a diaper pail, you have to scrub it once a month...
And even if you already have a Genie, if your child is going to be in diapers for more than 6 more months, go out and get a Champ because you'll be saving money in the long run by not having to buy any more refill cartridges!
Now that I have used it for 16 months, here is why I still love it and recommend it to all1) No special bags to buy!!
Like I said, we were very happy with it for a few months.
I absolutely love it -- My son is only three months old, so his diapers aren't as smelly as they will be once he starts on solid foods, I know, but he HAS already produced some truly potent samples from time to time!
So in the last few months, the smell becomes noticible in the room after only a few diapers have been added and the smell is really strong when you change bags.
We eventually threw it out when my daughter was about 16 months.This is a great diaper pail for younger babies but can be too smelly as they get older.
I did not clean mine for 4 months and decided I should (although it did not stink) It came apart great.
I had with my first child was only used a month or so and then I just used the outside trash because it was such a pain.I only gave it 4 stars because it is hard to open (I've also broken a nail trying to do it) and I wish the top unhinged all the way; it has a tendancy to slam back shut.
My baby is 1 month old now and we have been using the diaper champ since day 1.
At least I know I'll have eight month where I'll breathe clean air...
I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.
Baby Trend will not provide replacemdnt parts after 6 months and even then only with a reciept.
I have twins--so you can imagine how much poop goes into this pail and I've never had a problem with smell (I've been using it for two+ months now).
I have a two month old.
Believe me, we have had our share of poopy diapers (my daughter is 7 months old &amp; now on solids) and her room has never smelled!
I have only been using it the past two months since my daughter is only 9 weeks old, but so far so good.
I have 3 1/2 year old twins and a 6 month old, and I have not used my Diaper Champ since my twins were a month old.
I've had the diaper champ for about 8 months.
The larger diapers fit a little better, but the monthly cost of special Diaper Genie bags started adding up.With the birth of our second child, I refused to use the Diaper Genie.
We have emptied it about once or twice a week so far (our son is 5 months) and that has been enough.
After 5 months, we couldn't be happier with Diaper Champ.
It worked great for the 1st 5 months.
As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.
My baby is only 5 months old, but it seems to keep odor in great so far.
After stuggling with poopy smell for 9 months I finally gave in and bought a Diaper Genie.
I just roll the diapers up, put them in the hole and flip the handle.One big benefit over the DG, is that I purchased a roll of scented 8 gallon bags for about $3 before the baby and I still haven't used all the bags - my daughter will be 11 months soon!
We've used the Diaper Champ for two months now and it's been working very well.
I have had the Diaper Champ for 16 months now, and think it is pretty cost effective, compare to the Diaper Genie, but frankly I am considering buying something else, cause it really does not keep the odors in.
The latch is a little difficult to open, but I think that is a good thing since my eleven month old loves opening and playing with things she shouldn't be.
However, for the previous 13 months-this is what I encountered -PROS - Using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
We went through 2 diaper genies in less than a week before we said forget it and bought this 4 months ago.
First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
I purchased it before my son was born, and now, with my 11 month old baby boy, who went from breast fed to formula to solids, I can happily answer: YES!
My only complaint is that after 15 months of use, mine does not hold the odor as well.
Our baby is 2 months old now and we have not noticed any odor coming from the diaper champ.-- easy to clean.
I have been using this diaper pail for 41/2 months now and just love it.
I think that for the price, it should have lasted longer than two months.
When you are a first time mom and on a tight budget every little bit helps.
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
I always thought her room still smelled faintly of poop.
Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
I've read the bad reviews about the smell factor, but I still recommend this product.
Do not listen to the other reviews on this webpage - this product makes the entire nursery smell!
I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.
I've read all the reviews on all the major diaper pails, mainly because I'm dissatisfied with the Diaper Champ I own.
I'm not one to write negative reviews without including positives.
We read the reviews for the Diaper Champ and thought we would give it a try.We saw that some of the problems were that poopy diapers could be messy and that sometimes the smell leaks through.
It sounds like from the reviews that some people get "good" versions of this product, and others, like us, get a lemon from the get-go.
I agree with other reviews that you have to keep it clean of course -- and the easiest way Ive found so far is to spray it with clorox Lysol, let it air out, and I also use the disposable toilet cloths (scrubbing bubbles brand) and wipe everything down really good each time I take the bag out.
I registered for this product after reading the reviews, and I have to say I was very disappointed.
I read the other reviews and have not had the odor problem that others have.
Besides, from the reviews and friends' comments, they do not eliminate odors completely either.
I just read the great reviews about this product and am very surprised to hear people don't have problem with the smell.
I have 2 dogs and was a little worried about diapers being in garbage cans so after reading many reviews, got the Camp and wouldn't live without it.I have no odors from the champ, nor do I find that it gets dirty.
After reading several reviews on diaper pails, I decided to try the Diaper Champ.
I am reading the mixed reviews on this product and wanted to give my two cents...No, this product does not totally lock in the smell of dirty diapers.
(referencing other people's reviews) but this pail does NOT do the job.
Do they even sell their proprietary bags in the regular grocery store, or would I have to make a special trip to babiesRus to get refills?
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
It entices my older son to help me b/c he loves to put the diaper in and turn the handle.
since it really keeps the odor inside the pail, can be a little loud as it slides down into the pail, especially in the quiet hours in the middle of the night when you're trying to get baby back to sleep.
Sometimes you have to push the &quot;weight&quot; down after you flip the handle, but that just means that the pail is full and you need to change the bag.
I am really interested in finding another &quot;use-any-trashbag&quot; style for sake of our finances.
I've already had several diaper tabs catch and stick to the &quot;chute&quot; mechanism, thus having to open the lid and unstick the diaper - thankfully, these were not messy ones.Lastly, the &quot;chute&quot; design itself, while a good intention overall, to help &quot;push&quot; the disposed diaper into the bin, I am finding that after about 6-8 diapers are in the bin, unless I physically shake the whole bin to distribute what's already in there, they just pile up one on top of another and then the &quot;chute&quot; doesn't go down all the way when it's flipped over to dispose of the most recent diaper in the &quot;chute&quot;.
It is an odorless diaper pail that actually follows the &quot;Keep it simple&quot; principle.
While some my complain that it's not &quot;odor-proof&quot;, you do need to empty it at least once a week, but why wouldn't you.
Every time you have to buy refills, it is almost as expensive as buying a new diaper pail.
As a first time parent I highly recommend this!
No need to stick your hand inside.
BUT, when the diapers get bigger they get stuck very easily and very few fit even though this thing is much bigger than the diaper genie.
Hold your nose and get ready to run out of the room when you flip the handle, but with larger diapers you don't stand a chance of making it as they often get stuck.
With two infants in diapers, every little bit helps!I gave only 4 stars because if you don't wrap up the diaper before using the Diaper Champ and the velcro tabs are hanging loose, they can become stuck in the shoot and you have to open the pail to free the diaper.I highly recommend the Diaper Champ as an inexpensive alternative to other diaper pails.
If you don't stick the diaper tabs to the diaper properly, they get stuck on the unit.
So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.
You do need to tape your diaper into a bundle, otherwise the tape sticks to the cylinder and the diaper gets stuck.
Also, when you toss wipes in without sticking them in a diaper they get stuck and cause the flipping action not to work.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
It helps to keep the tunnel from getting stuck, and decreases the chance of unwanted oders leaking out.
If you just just toss the diapers into it, sure they could get stuck.
I use scented bags in the diaper pail, I have a deoderizer stuck on the inside of the pail, and I have an odor neutralizer on the outside of the pail.
It came loose, we had to pull it out &amp; there were dirty wipes stuck in there, too.
It is important to really fold in the sticky tabs on the diapers, or they will become stuck in the works and jam up the whole mechanism.Otherwise, it's great!
We did have a problem with one of them in that the lining that makes it airtight is starting to come loose, but my husband said that the velcro from the diaper got stuck on it.
It is very easy to remove stucked diaper.You should never rely on these things to keep the smell inside.
Just open the lid and pull the stuck part out.
Sometimes diapers or wipes get stuck in the push-down mechanism, which I don't like.
The cylinder continually got stuck, and diapers would often get stuck in the cylinder.
If any baby waste gets smeared around the chute, or in the sliding mechanism, that mess will need to be cleaned and that's a waste of time.
:)The only down-side, is that babysitters are so "diaper genieized" they pop off the side handle trying to do it the wrong way.
I used a Diaper Genie with my first set of twins, and ended up switching to a regular garbage pail to save money.
If you really want to save money, but still get a quality product, buy the Diaper Champ.I had a friend recommend it to me, and another friend recommend the Diaper Dekor.
