You can usually get 2-3 hard flips before you must change the bag because you can't fit any more in.

Just throw your folded up diaper in the openning on the top and flip the handle the other way and its gone (one thought here that I should note...I have had to fish "Pink Bunny" out of the Diaper Champ a few times during nap time...so consider this too when easy to use is a factor in your purchace.

I would not recommend buying that one.

I have a 3 week old and have got the genie upstairs and the champ downstairs - both hold off our odors, but the champ is MUCH easier and quicker and quieter to use!

Like another reviewer, I too use Lemon Scented garbage bags, but that really only makes a difference once you have tied up the bag and put it with the rest of the garbage to go out.

Trust me people, there is a big difference from infant poop smell and toddler poop smell!

Also I don't have to bend down as much to use it, which really makes a difference when you use it 20 times a day.

It only holds about 10 newborn diapers before it becomes clogged and stops working.

Not only are the diapers the ultimate in smelly, but they are quite a bit larger than the newborn ones.

We change our son, put the diper in the champ and give it one turn.

Fitting the bag and wrapping it around the interior gate is another inconvenience.A person really interested in controlling the stink is better off using any old garbage can lined with a bag, and on a daily basis changing it, and tying it off.

my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).

I just roll the diapers up, put them in the hole and flip the handle.One big benefit over the DG, is that I purchased a roll of scented 8 gallon bags for about $3 before the baby and I still haven't used all the bags - my daughter will be 11 months soon!

A roll of 1000 bags cost me about $6 or $7 (which is about what one refill costs for the Genie).

The Neat Diaper has an internal second chamber that you have to literally stuff the diaper into, which is a tight space, awkward (actually scraped skin off a knuckle), risks getting pooh on hands.

So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.

It is hard to get stuff out of this space.We've only noticed something in this space once or twice.

I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I believe nothing is perfect and because of the size, it takes up more space than the Diaper Genie.

Takes up unnecessary space, especially if your child does not have the largest of rooms!

It is very easy to clean and I spray it with bleach water and wipe it down before replacing a new trash bag.

it is tough to clean because if you fill it with bleach water and pour water into the top, the water doesn't come out easily.

When you change the bag, get in there with some Lysol spray and eliminate the germs and the residual odor (hello, if you didn't flush the toilet for a week it would stink, too - try changing the bag before it's overflowing!

We have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.This product has been a life saver and I recommend it highly.

Try dumping your solids in the toilet; that really takes care of problems like that too.

You do need to disenfect it when you change the bag, but I would recommend that with any product that is a holding tank for feces (you have to disinfect your toilets, too).I have recommended the Diaper Champ over the genie to every one of my friends.

The Diaper Champ, in contrast, let's you simply drop the diaper into a shute which is atop the device, then flip knob, and, voila, it's gone - no awkward stuffing into internal chamber.

My son likes to put toys in the Champ and we've had several close calls when he was about to send a toy into the pail, never to be seen again (becasue who wants to retrieve it, let alone let their child play with it?!?).

Our triplets just turned two and we are ready to buy diaper pail #3.

It's hard to move the knobs let alone twist them.$40 for a used diaper champ... not worth it.

Ocassionally I take it outside and spray it with Clorox disinfecting spray and let it air out.

Cleaning the pail is a must, it does hold dirty diapers!We found that the best "diaper solution" is not to just let the pail do all the work (pretty much common sense if you ask me!)

As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.

My son is almost two, and let me tell you, little babies just don't produce the smells like the older ones.

But our new one is completely worthless!

I agree with other reviews that you have to keep it clean of course -- and the easiest way Ive found so far is to spray it with clorox Lysol, let it air out, and I also use the disposable toilet cloths (scrubbing bubbles brand) and wipe everything down really good each time I take the bag out.

Like, we dump solids into the toilet (also introduces some potty concepts) before disposing of the diaper.

It does start to smell when there are poopy diapers in it, but I can't imagine that any product could completely eliminate poopy diaper odor!!

Besides, from the reviews and friends' comments, they do not eliminate odors completely either.

The chute doesn't go down all the way if you let the bag get too full- it's kind of your signal to change bags.

It keeps the smell OUT completely!

Hopefully, we can get another one for the new baby and maintain it properly from the beginning!This is a great product that really works.

The boy is now 1 year old and we have had it since the beginning.

The flip top system, while fun and novel at the beginning, can be a pain.

I would highly suggest using this one from the very beginning.

since it really keeps the odor inside the pail, can be a little loud as it slides down into the pail, especially in the quiet hours in the middle of the night when you're trying to get baby back to sleep.

Believe me, when you're only getting 3-4 hours of sleep a night, day-to-day tasks like emptying this thing (or eating  regularly or showering for that matter) will be forgotten.

The plunger can make a loud 'thud' if you turn the handle quickly so at night I just leave the diaper sitting on top until baby is awake, or turn it really slowly.

The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.

They are a pain to dispose of in the diaper genie, and besides they take up valuable plastic wrap - better used for the diapers themselves.Some other review talked about the lack of the champ to keep the smell down - this might be true, but no matter what product you use, there's always a hint of smell anyway.

I also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.I have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or I would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.So why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.

My childs clothing - including cloth diapers - are virtually stain free.I highly recommend this item.

Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.

If you use cloth diapers the diaper Champ is a must have, forget the diaper Genie it's a hassle for cloth diapers.

They have the kind that you remove a panel on each side of the box and the baking soda is inside of cheesecloth.

Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.

We were so disapointed to find out that it does not hold a full laundry load of diapers and cloth wipes.

As my son has grown and his cloth diapers have gotten bigger, it is sometimes a challenge to stuff the diaper and cover into the cylinder so that it can turn without forcing.

I agree with other reviews that you have to keep it clean of course -- and the easiest way Ive found so far is to spray it with clorox Lysol, let it air out, and I also use the disposable toilet cloths (scrubbing bubbles brand) and wipe everything down really good each time I take the bag out.

As a first-time mom, I got the great idea that cloth would be better, and this was the only diaper disposal that advertised compatibility with cloth diapers.

It is a fabulous diaper pail--great for cloth or disposable and no odors!

I purchased 2 different pails (the other being a lousy product from Fisher Price), one for cloth and one for disposable diapers.

we have been using cloths since then (she is 4 mo) and there is no odor problem.

Do they even sell their proprietary bags in the regular grocery store, or would I have to make a special trip to babiesRus to get refills?

I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.

With the Diaper Champ, I can keep one hand on baby while disposing of the diaper with the other and best of all, no refills.

And even if you already have a Genie, if your child is going to be in diapers for more than 6 more months, go out and get a Champ because you'll be saving money in the long run by not having to buy any more refill cartridges!

Biggest advantages over it's biggest competitor (Diaper Genie)...  no costly refills, and you only need one hand to operate.

They are so easy to use and don't require expensive refills.

So what if the refills are $5, do you pay (usually) to throw anything else away?

great product, does what is supposed to do, and the best thing is that you don't need to buy refill bags (like Diaper Genie) you end up saving money that can go to diapers or formula...

You can buy like 100 bags for the cost of one diaper genie refill.

You don't have to worry about if you twisted the top enough times, tying knots in the plastic liner before the diapers go everywhere, how to cut the plastic, spending "money" for refills, etc.

No refills to every buy.

The genie because a problem with refills and odors.

A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.

To me, it is worth the price of refills not to have to put up with the smell.

No annoying refill bags (expensive; and am I the only one who fears realizing I'm out of refills at a critical moment?)

We were originally going to get the Dekor (because of the looks) but realized once we saw it that we would have to change the refill bag constantly since it didn't look like it could hold much.

So I just change it once a week and it's the best, no expensive refills AND NO SMELLS!!

As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.

No smell, no mess, truely one-handed and no expensive refills to have to buy and with gas prices, that is just extra when you have to drive to the store right?!?

Cheap ziplocks are easy to take with you - will work at home or for travel - and will cost about the same as a refill cartridge MINUS the $30-some bucks for the canister.

You know they make the money off of the recurring costs of those refills and not the Genie itself.

A roll of 1000 bags cost me about $6 or $7 (which is about what one refill costs for the Genie).

Every time you have to buy refills, it is almost as expensive as buying a new diaper pail.

I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.

We've never had a problem with smell, or operation, and love that we can use the bags we choose and not be tied down to brand-specific refill bags.

I chose this one because I don't have to buy the silly refill cartridges, and I'm glad I made that decision.

Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).

I will say that I use the Glad Odor Guard bags (still cheaper than the Genie refills) and empty in my garage instead of the babies room.

This is the most convenient on the market considering you don't need specific refills!!!

Never got the Diaper Genie as I figured the refill cartridges would add up.

We purchased a convenient, odor-containing pail for a reasonable price and we don't have to purchase expensive refills.

It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.

I love that you can use any bag for the inside instead of being forced to buy the more expensive refills.

But without that visual of knowing when it's full (for any of these diaper products really), it will undoubtedly be the full when you least want it to be.

I don't normally review products but I felt so strongly about this one that I had to.

You put a dirty diaper in the hole, and flip the handle to dump the diaper into the champ.

Make sure the bag is inserted correctly (not sticking out of the Champ).Getting clogged?

The champ is just like a regular trash can with a lid-just looks fancier.

This thing is awesome and I highly recommended it to all!If you want an odor free room for your baby go with the Diaper Champ for sure!

SIMPLE AND IT WORKS!Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind:AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!)

Nothing is nastier than digging toys out of a bag of soiled diapers!Also, if a diaper is very soiled, the hole for depositing the diaper can become smeared and then when you flip the diaper into the pail the weight further smears the poo and it is difficult to clean.I combine the Champ & Genie by using the Champ for wets and the genie for poo.

I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.

The diaper champ is definitely easy to use and very convenient since you can use any bag.

I recommend Diaper Champ to anyone looking for a diaper pail that actually works.

Granted our 3-month old isn't producing really stinky diapers yet, but the Champ is much better than using a trash can.

I suppose we could buy a second one, but I don't think parents should have to buy a new "diaper pail" every six months or so for $29.99.The other minor disappointment with the Diaper Champ, as many others have mentioned, is the difficulty of opening it to empty.

The Champ is much easier to use, much cheaper, and has much more capacity.

So even though the Diaper Genie is less expensive, in the long run, the Diaper Champ turns out to be the one that is less expensive.

Plus with the Diaper Champ you can flip the handle and away goes the dirty diaper.

Now I travel quite a bit, but do not even try to take my diaper champ with me- I think that would be absurd.

For the home, diaper champ is great, and is simple because you use what you already have.

Go, Diaper Champ, Go!!

With the Diaper Champ, I can keep one hand on baby while disposing of the diaper with the other and best of all, no refills.

I highly recommend the Diaper Champ.

With two infants in diapers, every little bit helps!I gave only 4 stars because if you don't wrap up the diaper before using the Diaper Champ and the velcro tabs are hanging loose, they can become stuck in the shoot and you have to open the pail to free the diaper.I highly recommend the Diaper Champ as an inexpensive alternative to other diaper pails.

I just sprinkle some scented baby powder or spray some Lysol Disinfectant spray everytime I change a bag, to keep it from smelling even a little bit.I highly recommend the Champ, you will not regret it!!

For those people who complain endlessly about the smell of dirty diapers emanating from the area around the Diaper Champ, I have one suggestion - take out the diapers more often.

:)  I love the Diaper Champ - you can operate it with one hand (allowing you a free hand to hold down a squirming baby on the changing table), no special bags to purchase, and odor-free if you stay on top of changing the bag and spraying with Lysol every few bag changes.

I highly recommend the Diaper Champ!

I love the concept of a diaper champ, but somebody do something about the smell, please.

If you use cloth diapers the diaper Champ is a must have, forget the diaper Genie it's a hassle for cloth diapers.

And even if you already have a Genie, if your child is going to be in diapers for more than 6 more months, go out and get a Champ because you'll be saving money in the long run by not having to buy any more refill cartridges!

The Diaper Champ is highly recommended by this new parent!!!

*  When preparing to open the Champ, either (1) keep your baby strapped into the changing table, (2) set them down on the floor or into a confined area, or (3) hand the baby to someone with free hands... Why you may ask?

I would highly recommend the Diaper Champ!

The Diaper Champ uses an ordinary trash bag so saving money is just another benefit.

The Diaper Champ has held up to now, but we are considering a change.

But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.

So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.

Now for our third child I saw the Diaper Champ and figured why not register for it and try it out.

The original Diaper Champ worked well but this one is horrible!

I don't recommend this Diaper Champ!

The diaper champ is so easy and great because you can do it with one hand.

So, if you looking fo advice- like I did, the diaper champ is worth the money.

You do need to disenfect it when you change the bag, but I would recommend that with any product that is a holding tank for feces (you have to disinfect your toilets, too).I have recommended the Diaper Champ over the genie to every one of my friends.

I absolutely love it -- My son is only three months old, so his diapers aren't as smelly as they will be once he starts on solid foods, I know, but he HAS already produced some truly potent samples from time to time!

After a third trip to the store we finally found a Diaper Champ that works.

Just throw your folded up diaper in the openning on the top and flip the handle the other way and its gone (one thought here that I should note...I have had to fish "Pink Bunny" out of the Diaper Champ a few times during nap time...so consider this too when easy to use is a factor in your purchace.

My baby is 1 month old now and we have been using the diaper champ since day 1.

When I saw the Diaper Champ I thought it looked great.

At this time, I am very satisfied with the Diaper Champ.

All you have to do is put ANY kind of bag inside the champ and close the lid.

The Diaper Champ, in contrast, let's you simply drop the diaper into a shute which is atop the device, then flip knob, and, voila, it's gone - no awkward stuffing into internal chamber.

I have a friend that has the Diaper Genie and he has the same issues we have, but he also has to purchase the special liners.The ONLY complaint I have is, you must simply make sure the tape is tucked away and this champ will work and work and work.

My son likes to put toys in the Champ and we've had several close calls when he was about to send a toy into the pail, never to be seen again (becasue who wants to retrieve it, let alone let their child play with it?!?).

Believe me, we have had our share of poopy diapers (my daughter is 7 months old &amp; now on solids) and her room has never smelled!

the diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink.

As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.

A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.

This is not a worry when it comes to the champ.

Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.

We have not had ANY odor problems with the champ.I chose this diaper pail because it seemed easy to use &amp; it didn't need proprietary bags.

Since he started eating solids his poop does smell much stronger, but the champ is a pro at keeping odor at bay.

Usually the odor is not really a problem if you change the bags frequently, but if you don't have a chance to change the bags just put a poopy diaper in a  plastic grocery bag before throwing it in the diaper champ.

It's hard to move the knobs let alone twist them.$40 for a used diaper champ... not worth it.

I got the Diaper Champ after reading [about it].

The Diaper Champ seemed like the perfect answer to the alternative with no special bags to buy & easy disposal (no twisting), and it was - for awhile.

My son is in size 4 diapers and the Champ last a week without changing the bag or ANY smells!

This creates a tighter seal and helps to reduce odor.One thing, the diaper champ cover is damned hard to open.

If you want to do it with one hand, you'll need to step on the bottom of the champ first and then pull up hard.I have another baby on the way, but have already sold my diaper champ.

The champ, the baby bjorn, fluerville diaper bag, and graco pack and play bassinet all vie for the best baby purchase.Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.UpdateI knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!!

You would have to open it, shove a dirty diaper into a very small hole, close it... and than TURN a knob about 6 times for the diaper to make it to the base...CHANGING THE BAGS*  Remove the top off of the champ to access the bag*  Tie the bag closed, like a regular garbage bag*  Haul it to the OUTSIDE trash bin, preferably inside another bag to keep the animals away...*  Wash the container at least every other week, or spray it with a disinfectant, like Lysol or Oust.

I've read all the reviews on all the major diaper pails, mainly because I'm dissatisfied with the Diaper Champ I own.

The diaper champ is very easy to use.

I have 3 1/2 year old twins and a 6 month old, and I have not used my Diaper Champ since my twins were a month old.

I've had the diaper champ for about 8 months.

Another draw back for me with the Champ.

When I registered for The Diaper Champ I was a bit afraid I might be wasting my money.

The Diaper Champ is difficult to use and does not contain the smell at all!!

Later, the wadding that keeps the smell in started to tear so since we were expecting a new baby, we decided to try the New Improved Diaper Champ.This thing is a pain, nothing like the first.

After Our Diaper Genie broke after 2 years, I was advised to buy the D. Champ.

The reason I gave it two stars is the ease of use with the Champ is superior....but I simply CANT LIVE with the stinky smell of diapers!

After 5 months, we couldn't be happier with Diaper Champ.

So, the Diaper Champ.

We read the reviews for the Diaper Champ and thought we would give it a try.We saw that some of the problems were that poopy diapers could be messy and that sometimes the smell leaks through.

No matter how often you change the bag and clean the thing, the diaper champ emits the odor of the smelly diaper into the room.

In fact, I'm buying the Diaper Champ for everyone I know who's having a baby shower, so they don't make the same mistake we did!

As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.

if you dont mind washing the champ once in a while so that it wont stink up your nursery room.

I am the owner of a used baby store in NJ, (I have a champ there too) and this is one of my hottest items, I have several diaper genies there that just do not sell.You will not be sorry you brought the Diaper Champ.

The Diaper Champ required less assembly than indicated in the manual, and the mechanism is quite clever.

The fact that I use the same bags for my kitchen as I do the champ makes it that much easier.

My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.

First, because of the fact that the diapers are not sealed into little "sausages"  like the Diaper Genie, the Champ can produce quite a smell.

The Diaper Champ is the only way to go!!

when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it....unlike the Diaper Genie!

It came loose, we had to pull it out &amp; there were dirty wipes stuck in there, too.

I even tried wiping with Lysol or Clorox wipes daily &amp; those things are just a waste of time, effort and money.

and overall, I'm happy with the diaper champ.

I have a 3 week old and have got the genie upstairs and the champ downstairs - both hold off our odors, but the champ is MUCH easier and quicker and quieter to use!

The design of the Genie also resolves the need to tightly close the diaper, and the problem of the wipes soiling the side walls of the Champs's chamber.Yes, you have to buy the cartridges, but stock up when there is a sale, and the extra money isn't such a big deal.Take it from someone who has had both, buy the Diaper Genie.

The Champ is so easy to use and empty.

We've been using our Diaper Champ for over a year now, & though some stink escapes with the occasional "real dirty" diaper, it does control odor very well.

I went out and bought the Diaper Champ, it uses regular kitchen bags (hint: buy the powder scented kitchen bags) its so great you never have to open a lid and have that terrible smell hit you.

To sum it up, the Champ made it a week before I returned it.One caveat: both my kids are eating solid foods.

Once you get the hang of opening the Champ everything else is simple.

We've used the Diaper Champ for two months now and it's been working very well.

We preferred this model over the newer model.Its easy to use and doesn't need any special bags.We change the trash bag in the Diaper Champ once, maybe twice a week.

Once some poop got on that mesh/foam insulation, it soaked through, and now there is NO hope for the Diaper Champ.

If you really want to save money, but still get a quality product, buy the Diaper Champ.I had a friend recommend it to me, and another friend recommend the Diaper Dekor.

I have had the Diaper Champ for 16 months now, and think it is pretty cost effective, compare to the Diaper Genie, but frankly I am considering buying something else, cause it really does not keep the odors in.

The Diaper Champ is also very easy to use and easy to change bags.

I did not know anything about the Diaper Champ when I bought it but it has been FANASTIC!!

We change our son, put the diper in the champ and give it one turn.

I bought a Diaper Champ and mostly love it - except that the rubber ring at the top keeps popping out of alignment therefore making it next to IMPOSSIBLE to turn.

Not long after I started using the champ the blue name disks on the sides started just falling out for no reason.

I have 2 dogs and was a little worried about diapers being in garbage cans so after reading many reviews, got the Camp and wouldn't live without it.I have no odors from the champ, nor do I find that it gets dirty.

Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.

The diaper champ is super easy to use and very cost effective.

We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!

After reading several reviews on diaper pails, I decided to try the Diaper Champ.

I have been truly thrilled with the quality and cost-effectiveness of the Diaper Champ -- so much so that I am buying a SECOND one today so we can retire the old one.

The Diaper Champ is the best we found!There are no specail bags to deal with or buy!

The diaper champ is simple to use and no smells.

You don't have to purchase extra materials for the Diaper Champ, you can use your own trash bags.

When you're changing the bags on the champ, it can be messy, depending on how long you waited to change the bag, but with the Decor, you just open the front door and knot the bag even if it's full to the brim--so much easier.

We have both a Diaper Champ and a Diaper Genie....and we definitely prefer our Champ!

I have owned a Diaper Dekor and now a Diaper Champ.

I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.

I intend to recycle my two year old Diaper Champ before the baby arrives with a brand new one.

The Diaper Genie is still working at my Mom's house but the Champ was stinky and has since broken.

We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.

It is also difficult to turn unless the diaper is smashed down as far as it can go in the cylinder.Do not waste your money on the New Diaper Champ.

You will never see your diaper champ getting dirty, and stinky.

They are cheaper than using the Diaper Genie bags and the tall kitchen bags that go in the Diaper Champ; and much cheaper than those little blue baggie things.

I could not be happier with the Champ!

Here's some tricks for this Champ:1.

We like to use drawstring garbage bags, which makes it easier to close up the nasty mess before toting it right out to the outside garbage can.For twins and other multiples, the Champ beats the Genie hands down because of its volume and its use of inexpensive regular garbage can liners.

The champ is easy to use (just drop in and flip), we have NO smells, and you can use regular trash bags.

We decided to buy the Diaper Champ after the second baby 'cause we heard such good things about it - and now with 2 kids we knew we would be filling it up a lot.

We actually still keep both around - and use the Diaper Genie for the bad diapers and for the quicky changes we use the Diaper Champ.

They are a pain to dispose of in the diaper genie, and besides they take up valuable plastic wrap - better used for the diapers themselves.Some other review talked about the lack of the champ to keep the smell down - this might be true, but no matter what product you use, there's always a hint of smell anyway.

I go out of my way to bring smelly diapers to the champ instead of walking them outside to the trash bin.

I dont find it to be a hassle having to do this as i always did this before i had the diaper champ.

(though you need to change the bag after 7 days or so if the weather is warm, but the same is true with the Genie...I mean come on now...it is a bag of poo and pee).So I bought a 2nd Champ and sold the Genie to a 2nd hand store.

Our baby is 2 months old now and we have not noticed any odor coming from the diaper champ.-- easy to clean.

We both just like the style and look of the champ.

My son is still exclusively breastfed, so I don't know if the Diaper Champ will continue doing such a great job once he is on solids, but so far, it has been great; even in the VERY hot weather it has contained all diaper odors!

Also, be sure not to try to stuff too many more diapers in once the Champ is full -- you could break the "piston" as my over-zealous husband did with our first Champ.

We have NEVER had any problems with DiaperChamp, and we're still using the one that we purchased in 2001!

I have a 3 week old and have got the genie upstairs and the champ downstairs - both hold off our odors, but the champ is MUCH easier and quicker and quieter to use!

For those people who complain endlessly about the smell of dirty diapers emanating from the area around the Diaper Champ, I have one suggestion - take out the diapers more often.

Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me

So what if the refills are $5, do you pay (usually) to throw anything else away?

Now we just put the diapers in regular grocery bags and throw them in the kitchen trash.

I just put in a plastic shopping bag and then throw that into the kitchen bag when it's full.Visitors to your home may wonder how it works.

Just watch as they try to figure how to throw away the diaper.

The diaper is gone and the kids actually think it's fun to throw diapers away because they think it's magic how it disapears!!

Just throw your folded up diaper in the openning on the top and flip the handle the other way and its gone (one thought here that I should note...I have had to fish "Pink Bunny" out of the Diaper Champ a few times during nap time...so consider this too when easy to use is a factor in your purchace.

Usually the odor is not really a problem if you change the bags frequently, but if you don't have a chance to change the bags just put a poopy diaper in a  plastic grocery bag before throwing it in the diaper champ.

BRILLIANT idea...didn't have to run up the stairs just to throw the diaper out.

I'd throw it out but it's a lot of plastic to add to a landfill.

So we ended up just throwing it away!

It's very handy, and so much cheaper than having to buy liners!

It works like advertised and keeps the odors at bay.

If I'm changing one of the kids diapers, my 2 or 3yr old can dispose of the dirty diaper while I put a clean one on my youngest.

So if you own one, or wanna buy one its TERRIFIC, it works "okay" without my little tips, but to keep the room fresh I would try it out, but if you dont know if you wanna buy one...

I will say that I use the Glad Odor Guard bags (still cheaper than the Genie refills) and empty in my garage instead of the babies room.

The latch is hard to open because basically you have to use the tips of your fingers to disengage it which is tricky.

Second, toddlers like to play with it and you have to be careful of little fingers getting caught.

Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.

I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.

I used a Diaper Genie with my first set of twins, and ended up switching to a regular garbage pail to save money.

Not only are the diapers the ultimate in smelly, but they are quite a bit larger than the newborn ones.

This a great buy, you can use any type of plastic bag you want.

Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.

I haven't noticed any seepage of smells.I would recommend it over the others on the market.

I buy the cheap storebrand kitchen trash bags from my supermarket, which come in a package of 15 or 20 for less than $2, and lasts me MONTHS!

You can use regular supermarket plastic bags in it, it's so easy to empty, and I haven't had any problems with smells from this product.

This is the most convenient on the market considering you don't need specific refills!!!

He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!

But other than that, the more you scrub this, I think the worse it will get.

For those who take great pride in your manicured nails, ask someone else to open it for you.

And if you get any mess on the unit... wipe it up with a clorox wipe or even a baby wipe.. comes clean easily.4) The side pops open easily, I have not sustained any injuries, broken nails, whatever or had any trouble opening the blue switch to change the bag.Really a great deal.

It's not like this is brain surgery.And lastly, if you are breaking nails opening this thing, then maybe you should cut your coffee intake in half.

I had with my first child was only used a month or so and then I just used the outside trash because it was such a pain.I only gave it 4 stars because it is hard to open (I've also broken a nail trying to do it) and I wish the top unhinged all the way; it has a tendancy to slam back shut.

It can be hard to open if you have long nails, but I have found that if you just use the side of your finger instead of your fingertips then it's no problem.

Opening it.I have broken off three nails on my right hand trying to get this thing open.

The diaper genie is not odorless, but it does a much better job of keeping the room fresh smelling for a longer period before you have to empty it.

It is not odorless, it is hard to change, and not the greatest product ever.

It's still odorless, and I hope it stays that way.

It is an odorless diaper pail that actually follows the &quot;Keep it simple&quot; principle.

However, it isn't as odorless as we had hoped, especially when it gets to be nearly full.

My advice is to make sure that you attach the tabs of the diaper back onto the diaper itself before stuffing it into the tube -- this helps avoid the snag.

The Neat Diaper has an internal second chamber that you have to literally stuff the diaper into, which is a tight space, awkward (actually scraped skin off a knuckle), risks getting pooh on hands.

The Diaper Champ, in contrast, let's you simply drop the diaper into a shute which is atop the device, then flip knob, and, voila, it's gone - no awkward stuffing into internal chamber.

I changed to Gallon zip-locs, you can stuff a few diapers in a gallon zip loc and discard.

As my son has grown and his cloth diapers have gotten bigger, it is sometimes a challenge to stuff the diaper and cover into the cylinder so that it can turn without forcing.

It is hard to get stuff out of this space.We've only noticed something in this space once or twice.

I am having my second baby and this is one of those things that i call useless baby stuff that i wouldn't buy again.

This is also not sanitary, as placing the diapers inside the hole sometimes causes 'stuff' to wipe off on the inside.

That stuff needs to go through the sewage system, not be locked up underground in a diaper that will take forever to biodegrade.

Also, be sure not to try to stuff too many more diapers in once the Champ is full -- you could break the "piston" as my over-zealous husband did with our first Champ.

It does a pretty good job of keeping the smells away.

My only complaint is that when you flip the thing over to make it send the diaper into the bag, it can get caught, smearing the diaper's contents onto other parts of the pail (I know, ewww)if it isn't closed up tightly.All in all I like it and don't see any reason to buy another disposal system at this time.

My third gripe is that small parts of the diaper will often get caught in the sealing mechanism, causing it to stick.

So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.

It reeks of retained vile diaper odor AND the stupid design makes it very difficult to replace the bag with 2 hands.

I have been truly thrilled with the quality and cost-effectiveness of the Diaper Champ -- so much so that I am buying a SECOND one today so we can retire the old one.

Or, if you want, I've got a perfectly good one sitting in my basement and you can have it for free.

Fitting the bag and wrapping it around the interior gate is another inconvenience.A person really interested in controlling the stink is better off using any old garbage can lined with a bag, and on a daily basis changing it, and tying it off.

I use it faithfully every day and love the ease and convenience of only having to change the bag once a week!

Not long after I started using the champ the blue name disks on the sides started just falling out for no reason.

one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.

You put a dirty diaper in the hole, and flip the handle to dump the diaper into the champ.

The ease of use factor is amazing, drop a dirty diaper in the hole, grab the handle, give it a flip, the plunger pushes the diaper down and it drops into the can with a little gravitic help.No wrenching, turning, fighting a cartridge bag system.Opening it for the first time was a little hard, but look at that from a child's point of view, a toddler is not going to get into it, and neither is a dog.

Maybe as baby grows into larger diapers it will be more like 2 - 3 times a week.Still, that's better than taking every dirty diaper (8 or more a day) outside to the garbage can, especially in a Minnesota winter.

Also, if you don't keep the dirty wipes enclosed in the diaper, they get this thing all dirty and you have to clean it!

Plus with the Diaper Champ you can flip the handle and away goes the dirty diaper.

For those people who complain endlessly about the smell of dirty diapers emanating from the area around the Diaper Champ, I have one suggestion - take out the diapers more often.

So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.

Yes, if you don't wrap up the poopy wipies in the dirty diaper, you will have to clean poop from the chute (just wrap it up).

If I'm changing one of the kids diapers, my 2 or 3yr old can dispose of the dirty diaper while I put a clean one on my youngest.

My doctors office has one in the lobby as well for dirty diapers and you can't smell a thing.

I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.

This is just a fancy trashcan, because it smells bad once you put a dirty diaper in there!!

I too wipe it and spray with Lysol because it is a storage unit for dirty diapers.

the diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink.

Also, it's really easy to clean -- not that it gets really dirty, but you've got to stay on top of it (again ... given what it's supposed to hold ....).An excellent addition to our baby's room ... you can also use it with one hand while you hold your little one on the changing table (no small benefit either).

I empty it every other day so that his room doesn't have the odor of dirty diapers.

You would have to open it, shove a dirty diaper into a very small hole, close it... and than TURN a knob about 6 times for the diaper to make it to the base...CHANGING THE BAGS*  Remove the top off of the champ to access the bag*  Tie the bag closed, like a regular garbage bag*  Haul it to the OUTSIDE trash bin, preferably inside another bag to keep the animals away...*  Wash the container at least every other week, or spray it with a disinfectant, like Lysol or Oust.

Cleaning the pail is a must, it does hold dirty diapers!We found that the best "diaper solution" is not to just let the pail do all the work (pretty much common sense if you ask me!)

We replaced it with the NEW Diaper Genie and we have NO more odors (even after 6 or 7 dirty diapers), so we know that it was the pail!

I am constantly telling them not to put their hand into the hole the dirty diapers go in - Just gross since the diapers directly touch this area with no liner!2.

I've even had other Moms tell me that they can't smell dirty diapers in my house, even with 2 kids producing them.

Reuse those plastic grocery bags for dirty diapers.

It came loose, we had to pull it out &amp; there were dirty wipes stuck in there, too.

We've been using our Diaper Champ for over a year now, & though some stink escapes with the occasional "real dirty" diaper, it does control odor very well.

I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.

I got the Neat diaper disposal system first but gave it up pretty quickly since you have to squish your dirty diaper through a small slot & believe me you never wanna sqeeze a diaper into anything EVER!

Yes, it can be a bit tricky to open (I found using two hands works best) but then again do I want something that is holding wet and otherwise dirty diapers to open easily?

I have 2 dogs and was a little worried about diapers being in garbage cans so after reading many reviews, got the Camp and wouldn't live without it.I have no odors from the champ, nor do I find that it gets dirty.

You will never see your diaper champ getting dirty, and stinky.

Since we are new parents, we'd sometimes make a mess trying to toss a dirty diaper in, but it's SO easy to clean.

I am reading the mixed reviews on this product and wanted to give my two cents...No, this product does not totally lock in the smell of dirty diapers.

By trash day the pail is full, easily indicated by having to push the plunger down manually because the other dirty diapers are close to the top.

If I see a stain or smear of something, I just use a baby wipe to clean it off.Chances are if you smell something, it's because it's full or dirty and there is no product out there that works well when it exceeds it's capacity or isn't taken care of.

It claims to keep the smell of dirty diapers in.

We are also VERY careful to be sure any dirty diapers are sealed (by the tape) with the wipes wrapped up inside, so that nothing gets on the part of the pail where you drop the diaper in.

Once a week take a couple Clorox wipes and wipe inside the hole where you put the dirty diaper, to clean any yucky leftover residue, flip the handle and do the other side, then wipe down the handle.5.

You don't have to worry about if you twisted the top enough times, tying knots in the plastic liner before the diapers go everywhere, how to cut the plastic, spending "money" for refills, etc.

I have a friend that has the Diaper Genie and he has the same issues we have, but he also has to purchase the special liners.The ONLY complaint I have is, you must simply make sure the tape is tucked away and this champ will work and work and work.

I am constantly telling them not to put their hand into the hole the dirty diapers go in - Just gross since the diapers directly touch this area with no liner!2.

I originally had the wide open diaper genie but they stopped making the wide open liners for that model so I decided to try something new.

It's very handy, and so much cheaper than having to buy liners!

We like to use drawstring garbage bags, which makes it easier to close up the nasty mess before toting it right out to the outside garbage can.For twins and other multiples, the Champ beats the Genie hands down because of its volume and its use of inexpensive regular garbage can liners.

The diaper genie is not odorless, but it does a much better job of keeping the room fresh smelling for a longer period before you have to empty it.

And as for emptying it too often, I have never emptied ours more than once a week, and besides, would you REALLY want to leave old diapers sitting around any longer than a week??

I like the fact that you can use your own bags, but it's no longer any more effective than just a regular trash can sitting in his room with the lid up.

I think this is b/c we do not use it as much, and diapers sit in it longer.

I think that for the price, it should have lasted longer than two months.

I suppose we could buy a second one, but I don't think parents should have to buy a new "diaper pail" every six months or so for $29.99.The other minor disappointment with the Diaper Champ, as many others have mentioned, is the difficulty of opening it to empty.

I recommend it to both parents of infants and toddlers.

Love this product, and would highly recommend it to any parents-to-be.

It is about darn time that someone listens to us parents and makes something that is not only economical but also looks nice.

I have recommended this to all new parents!

Since we are new parents, we'd sometimes make a mess trying to toss a dirty diaper in, but it's SO easy to clean.

It is easy to use, although when you first start using it you'll need to get used to the way the release mechanism works on the lid when you change the garbage bag.

My only issue is that its hard to flip the handle over using one hand - kind of a must when holding on to a squirmy infant.

They have the kind that you remove a panel on each side of the box and the baking soda is inside of cheesecloth.

We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.

All you have to do is put ANY kind of bag inside the champ and close the lid.

Cons: kind of bulky and heavy even when empty, difficult to open lid for changing.

The chute doesn't go down all the way if you let the bag get too full- it's kind of your signal to change bags.

Hold your nose and get ready to run out of the room when you flip the handle, but with larger diapers you don't stand a chance of making it as they often get stuck.

Usually the odor is not really a problem if you change the bags frequently, but if you don't have a chance to change the bags just put a poopy diaper in a  plastic grocery bag before throwing it in the diaper champ.

It helps to keep the tunnel from getting stuck, and decreases the chance of unwanted oders leaking out.

The company does send free replacement seals and instructions if you call and ask.2.

However, after contacting the company, they are sending me a new gasket & instructions on how to install it.

You do need to tape your diaper into a bundle, otherwise the tape sticks to the cylinder and the diaper gets stuck.

It was easy to set up and easy to use, just drop the diaper in the cylinder and flip the handle (make sure you wrap it tight to prevent it getting caught).

The diaper hangs from the cylinder mechanism and needs to be pulled through.

As my son has grown and his cloth diapers have gotten bigger, it is sometimes a challenge to stuff the diaper and cover into the cylinder so that it can turn without forcing.

(When done flipping the cylinder you do need to manually push the cylinder all the way down into the unit.)

It is also difficult to turn unless the diaper is smashed down as far as it can go in the cylinder.Do not waste your money on the New Diaper Champ.

The cylinder continually got stuck, and diapers would often get stuck in the cylinder.

I just don't know that you can really expect "odor-free" from any diaper pail.That said, we've been satisfied enough with this pail, but then just yesterday the foam lining on the top came out.

Plus the Diaper Genie has a razor on the inside, talk about safety issue!

My only complaint is that when you flip the thing over to make it send the diaper into the bag, it can get caught, smearing the diaper's contents onto other parts of the pail (I know, ewww)if it isn't closed up tightly.All in all I like it and don't see any reason to buy another disposal system at this time.

As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.

A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.

My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.

I got the Neat diaper disposal system first but gave it up pretty quickly since you have to squish your dirty diaper through a small slot & believe me you never wanna sqeeze a diaper into anything EVER!

I decided to get this diaper disposal system instead of all of the others for one simple fact: NO REFILLS NEEDED!

I am starting to potty train my son, but he still has mistakes in diapers, so this still gets use.

That makes the heavy center portion slide back and forth FAST, and sure enough she caught her finger and started yowling.This was *not* an isolated incident -- if you play with the pail a little bit, you'll quickly see that the mechanism is a total finger trap for toddlers.

I recommend it to both parents of infants and toddlers.

The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.

BUT about 5 minutes after I put it on the floor my two toddlers figured out you can put things in the hole  and make them disappear!!!

Second, toddlers like to play with it and you have to be careful of little fingers getting caught.

We love it's simple design.

I was a little skeptical because of its simple design, but it really is so easy to use and I haven't noticed any odors since we've been using it.

And even if you already have a Genie, if your child is going to be in diapers for more than 6 more months, go out and get a Champ because you'll be saving money in the long run by not having to buy any more refill cartridges!

I chose this one because I don't have to buy the silly refill cartridges, and I'm glad I made that decision.

Never got the Diaper Genie as I figured the refill cartridges would add up.

This is one heck of a product.

Fitting the bag and wrapping it around the interior gate is another inconvenience.A person really interested in controlling the stink is better off using any old garbage can lined with a bag, and on a daily basis changing it, and tying it off.

Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me

my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).

As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.

A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.

We've been using our Diaper Champ for over a year now, & though some stink escapes with the occasional "real dirty" diaper, it does control odor very well.

I also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.I have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or I would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.So why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.

I have since borrowed a Diaper Genie and have seen a HUGE improvement in odor control.

If you "package" the diapers with the fasteners before putting them into the pail you will be able to fit more, plus it also helps with odor control.

This may look fancy, but does not control soiled diapers odors, only wet diapers odors.

With the Diaper Champ, I can keep one hand on baby while disposing of the diaper with the other and best of all, no refills.

It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.

My son is almost two, and let me tell you, little babies just don't produce the smells like the older ones.

I did not clean mine for 4 months and decided I should (although it did not stink) It came apart great.

If you are conservation minded at all, you will appreciate that you can use any bag (including recycled ones) and it only uses one bag to hold a mess of diapers.

I love that you can use regular trashbags instead of buying special ones just for the diaper pail.

****Keep in mind you should have a ready supply of bags at your baby's changing station**** This also acts like the genies sauseges, you wrap the stinky ones individually.

I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.

I also like the review regarding not disposing of the really smelly ones in the pail.

My son is almost two, and let me tell you, little babies just don't produce the smells like the older ones.

Not only are the diapers the ultimate in smelly, but they are quite a bit larger than the newborn ones.

And it uses the same ones we use in our kitchen!

I've already had several diaper tabs catch and stick to the &quot;chute&quot; mechanism, thus having to open the lid and unstick the diaper - thankfully, these were not messy ones.Lastly, the &quot;chute&quot; design itself, while a good intention overall, to help &quot;push&quot; the disposed diaper into the bin, I am finding that after about 6-8 diapers are in the bin, unless I physically shake the whole bin to distribute what's already in there, they just pile up one on top of another and then the &quot;chute&quot; doesn't go down all the way when it's flipped over to dispose of the most recent diaper in the &quot;chute&quot;.

You can use regular bags instead of special ones.

And if you get any mess on the unit... wipe it up with a clorox wipe or even a baby wipe.. comes clean easily.4) The side pops open easily, I have not sustained any injuries, broken nails, whatever or had any trouble opening the blue switch to change the bag.Really a great deal.

Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.

I had with my first child was only used a month or so and then I just used the outside trash because it was such a pain.I only gave it 4 stars because it is hard to open (I've also broken a nail trying to do it) and I wish the top unhinged all the way; it has a tendancy to slam back shut.

I think there is a seal that broke (maybe because my husband liked to try and force the diapers down and didn't make sure the sticky tabs on the diaper were secure so it would get jammed) and ever since you can smell even one diaper in it.

After Our Diaper Genie broke after 2 years, I was advised to buy the D. Champ.

Opening it.I have broken off three nails on my right hand trying to get this thing open.

The Diaper Genie is still working at my Mom's house but the Champ was stinky and has since broken.

We have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.This product has been a life saver and I recommend it highly.

Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.

great product, does what is supposed to do, and the best thing is that you don't need to buy refill bags (like Diaper Genie) you end up saving money that can go to diapers or formula...

I purchased it before my son was born, and now, with my 11 month old baby boy, who went from breast fed to formula to solids, I can happily answer: YES!

Fitting the bag and wrapping it around the interior gate is another inconvenience.A person really interested in controlling the stink is better off using any old garbage can lined with a bag, and on a daily basis changing it, and tying it off.

There is a smell when changing the bag, but it isn't anydifferent than changing a kitchen trash can.

Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.

Perfect for the nursery or any room in the house where baby is changed.

Sometimes you have to push the &quot;weight&quot; down after you flip the handle, but that just means that the pail is full and you need to change the bag.

With two infants in diapers, every little bit helps!I gave only 4 stars because if you don't wrap up the diaper before using the Diaper Champ and the velcro tabs are hanging loose, they can become stuck in the shoot and you have to open the pail to free the diaper.I highly recommend the Diaper Champ as an inexpensive alternative to other diaper pails.

When you change the bag, get in there with some Lysol spray and eliminate the germs and the residual odor (hello, if you didn't flush the toilet for a week it would stink, too - try changing the bag before it's overflowing!

And if you get any mess on the unit... wipe it up with a clorox wipe or even a baby wipe.. comes clean easily.4) The side pops open easily, I have not sustained any injuries, broken nails, whatever or had any trouble opening the blue switch to change the bag.Really a great deal.

I just sprinkle some scented baby powder or spray some Lysol Disinfectant spray everytime I change a bag, to keep it from smelling even a little bit.I highly recommend the Champ, you will not regret it!!

Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me

I would also recommend changing the plastic at LEAST every other day.

:)  I love the Diaper Champ - you can operate it with one hand (allowing you a free hand to hold down a squirming baby on the changing table), no special bags to purchase, and odor-free if you stay on top of changing the bag and spraying with Lysol every few bag changes.

If you want to thwart an odor problem do the following:-Fold the diaper over and close it.-Remember to change the bags!!!

It is easy to toss a diaper, wipes, etc in while you are changing so you don't have a mess on your changing table and then you can wait until you are through to turn the handle (which can be done easily with one hand).

****Keep in mind you should have a ready supply of bags at your baby's changing station**** This also acts like the genies sauseges, you wrap the stinky ones individually.

When you do change the bag spray with Lysol, and add a stick on deodorizer, or a car air freshener.

*  When preparing to open the Champ, either (1) keep your baby strapped into the changing table, (2) set them down on the floor or into a confined area, or (3) hand the baby to someone with free hands... Why you may ask?

And when you change the bag, the odor of the diapers remains, so you have to either wipe the pail down with Clorox or PineSol, and for added measure, spray it with Lysol.

The Diaper Champ has held up to now, but we are considering a change.

You do need to disenfect it when you change the bag, but I would recommend that with any product that is a holding tank for feces (you have to disinfect your toilets, too).I have recommended the Diaper Champ over the genie to every one of my friends.

I would recommend this to anyone!The only downfall and why it lost a star is that it has a tendency to close when you are trying to change the bag and has torn more than one.

You almost want to change the bag outside!

The only foul aroma you will smell is when you change the trash bag.

So in the last few months, the smell becomes noticible in the room after only a few diapers have been added and the smell is really strong when you change bags.

If I'm changing one of the kids diapers, my 2 or 3yr old can dispose of the dirty diaper while I put a clean one on my youngest.

Any possible smell is locked in, you carry it outside then open lid to change bag so no smell is ever lingering in the house.

It seems like we change diapers all the time and it holds so many!

With one baby i only had to change the bag once a week.It is now 2008 and i've had 2 more children (4 total) since I originally wrote this review.

Even the old pail hardly smelled bad to me, I think after you have changed diapers for 4 years, you get somewhat immune to it.

We change bags twice a week (I'm sure as our boy gets older, it will have to be more frequent!).

It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.

I changed to Gallon zip-locs, you can stuff a few diapers in a gallon zip loc and discard.

And I just changed the bag yesterday!

No odor and it is very easy to use and change.

This is very easy to use and is simple to change.

The common complaint about the diapers catching is balogna ... when they don't go down, the pail is full and it is time to change the bag.

So we have to change the bag in it very frequently.

A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.

I expect that as she continues to grow I will just need to change the bag more often.

This product is easy to use and the bags aren't hard to change.

Also, it's really easy to clean -- not that it gets really dirty, but you've got to stay on top of it (again ... given what it's supposed to hold ....).An excellent addition to our baby's room ... you can also use it with one hand while you hold your little one on the changing table (no small benefit either).

It is easy to use, although when you first start using it you'll need to get used to the way the release mechanism works on the lid when you change the garbage bag.

Usually the odor is not really a problem if you change the bags frequently, but if you don't have a chance to change the bags just put a poopy diaper in a  plastic grocery bag before throwing it in the diaper champ.

My son is in size 4 diapers and the Champ last a week without changing the bag or ANY smells!

The diaper hangs from the cylinder mechanism and needs to be pulled through.

It holds a lot of diapers so it doesn't need to be changed every day.

I exchanged my Diaper Genie for this on the recommendation of a friend and I have so not been disappointed.

I spray with lysol when changing the bags (hello, diapers are stinky and this still will require cleaning).

We do change the bag about ever 3-4 days (keep in mind we have TWO TIMES the diapers) and wash it out frequently as well.

The only con is that it can be tough to open until you get the hang of it.

There's no smell except for the brief moments when you change the bag.

I do change the bags often...which is very cost effective since I use old shopping bags.

My SIL changes her bag every 2/3 days and she has no problems with odor!

As baby gets older, you have to change more frequently - which is OK since you can use your own bags.

I use it faithfully every day and love the ease and convenience of only having to change the bag once a week!

Besides myself, my husband and mother found the Diaper Genie very frustrating to use, changing the bags required quite a bit of time and energy, all the while smelling the stinky diaper smell.

maybe it's not big enough), and when you change bags you do get a whiff of bad smell, but the smelly time is very short in comparison.

We'd come home and every time, they'd gotten in wrong and used the cutter tool on top and cut the diaper bag like they were changing it when they just needed to put the diaper in.

On another positive note it is very easy to use and change bags.

You cannot smell diapers-unless of course you don't change it or clean out.

I change the bag every 5-6 days or so.

We were originally going to get the Dekor (because of the looks) but realized once we saw it that we would have to change the refill bag constantly since it didn't look like it could hold much.

No matter how often you change the bag and clean the thing, the diaper champ emits the odor of the smelly diaper into the room.

So I just change it once a week and it's the best, no expensive refills AND NO SMELLS!!

I finally took it out of my baby's room because it was almost toxic and would blow you away when you walked in the room, no matter how often I changed the bags.

I just spray with a little Lysol at the time of bag change and it is as good as new.

Fortunately Babies R Us will allow you to exchange the damaged item if it has been 90 days or less.

It is not odorless, it is hard to change, and not the greatest product ever.

She would have to change the bag in the Diaper Genie every half day if she had that!

Cons: kind of bulky and heavy even when empty, difficult to open lid for changing.

For me, the only time I experience an odor is when I change the bags.

I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.

Once you get the hang of opening the Champ everything else is simple.

We preferred this model over the newer model.Its easy to use and doesn't need any special bags.We change the trash bag in the Diaper Champ once, maybe twice a week.

So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.

The only complaint is when it gets too full the handle/chute part gets jammed and can be hard to un-jam, but I guess that's what happens when I don't change it often enough.

And about having to change the bag often, once again we are talking about DIRTY DIAPERS!!!

The Diaper Champ is also very easy to use and easy to change bags.

We change our son, put the diper in the champ and give it one turn.

Park this thing right next to the changing table, and just drop the diaper in as you go.

I also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.I have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or I would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.So why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.

We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!

This fills up quite quickly, I have to change it twice weekly (stay at home mom), so it doesn't smell to me.

It is SO easy to use (even those unsaavy in the technology of modern parenting can figure the thing out...so grandpa and grandma can babysit, no problem) and the bags are a breeze to change.

This really does keep the smell in.With having twins, we change the bag every couple of days.

When you're changing the bags on the champ, it can be messy, depending on how long you waited to change the bag, but with the Decor, you just open the front door and knot the bag even if it's full to the brim--so much easier.

Otherwise, I think I would pass out from changing the bags after the diapers have been 'brewing' in the pail for over a week.

We change the bag quite frequently because it is after all a diaper pail.

We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.

Yes, it might briefly smell when you change out the pail but I can't imagine other systems aren't the same way.

It has only stopped up a couple of times for me, but I just move the handle back and forth and it always comes unclogged and it is usually when it needs to be changed.

I use scented trash bags and spray it out with Lysol after each changing and it has yet to smell.

And the obvious, change the bag every couple days to eliminate the smell... don't expect to leave it there for a week and have it smell like roses!2.

I just Lysol the bin each time I change the bag and it stays clean and odor free!!

You do have to change it often (like 2-3 times per week) in order to cut down on the stink but overall it does a bang up job.

We actually still keep both around - and use the Diaper Genie for the bad diapers and for the quicky changes we use the Diaper Champ.

We change the bag about every 5 days when its full, which every 5 days is not bad at all!

You can usually get 2-3 hard flips before you must change the bag because you can't fit any more in.

Its easy to open and remove bag when its time to change the trash bag.

The chute doesn't go down all the way if you let the bag get too full- it's kind of your signal to change bags.

(though you need to change the bag after 7 days or so if the weather is warm, but the same is true with the Genie...I mean come on now...it is a bag of poo and pee).So I bought a 2nd Champ and sold the Genie to a 2nd hand store.

At that point I either change the bag, or if I want to get a few more diapers in before I change it, I just gently bounce the pail up and down a few times and I am able to get more diapers inside.

It's not too loud but it can possibly disturb a sleeping baby.-- the latch that allows the whole top to be lifted up in order to change the bag is in an awkward position and is a little tough to pull open.

as a result we change her in the laundry room.

It's a cinch to change the bags.

It's a good size & fits nicely next to my baby's changing table.

Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.

I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.

Also, be sure not to try to stuff too many more diapers in once the Champ is full -- you could break the "piston" as my over-zealous husband did with our first Champ.

We preferred this model over the newer model.Its easy to use and doesn't need any special bags.We change the trash bag in the Diaper Champ once, maybe twice a week.

The larger opening is nice but it certainly isn't as airtight as the older model.

This model is great!

I originally had the wide open diaper genie but they stopped making the wide open liners for that model so I decided to try something new.

You don't have to keep buying specific bags for it.

It is much more cost effective then the genie b/c you don't need to keep buying the expensive bag inserts, just use any old trash bag.There is also no messing with loading a newbag like the genie.

I buy cheap store-brand garbage bags and I am able to fill the diaper pail all the way and it still doesn't smell.

I buy the cheap storebrand kitchen trash bags from my supermarket, which come in a package of 15 or 20 for less than $2, and lasts me MONTHS!

I agree with other reviews that you have to keep it clean of course -- and the easiest way Ive found so far is to spray it with clorox Lysol, let it air out, and I also use the disposable toilet cloths (scrubbing bubbles brand) and wipe everything down really good each time I take the bag out.

And you don't need top of the line bags, just get some scented off-brand bags (I got 30 for $3), and you should be all set.

We've never had a problem with smell, or operation, and love that we can use the bags we choose and not be tied down to brand-specific refill bags.

It is so much easier to use than the diaper genie and the other brands.

I really appeciate all of these things after dealing with the other brands.

I intend to recycle my two year old Diaper Champ before the baby arrives with a brand new one.

The Champ is much easier to use, much cheaper, and has much more capacity.

Fantastic capacity!

If I see a stain or smear of something, I just use a baby wipe to clean it off.Chances are if you smell something, it's because it's full or dirty and there is no product out there that works well when it exceeds it's capacity or isn't taken care of.

):  Place a Bounce dryer sheet in the bottom of the pail (before putting the trash bag in)and spray thoroughly with Lysol after each use.

When you change the bag, get in there with some Lysol spray and eliminate the germs and the residual odor (hello, if you didn't flush the toilet for a week it would stink, too - try changing the bag before it's overflowing!

I just sprinkle some scented baby powder or spray some Lysol Disinfectant spray everytime I change a bag, to keep it from smelling even a little bit.I highly recommend the Champ, you will not regret it!!

:)  I love the Diaper Champ - you can operate it with one hand (allowing you a free hand to hold down a squirming baby on the changing table), no special bags to purchase, and odor-free if you stay on top of changing the bag and spraying with Lysol every few bag changes.

When you do change the bag spray with Lysol, and add a stick on deodorizer, or a car air freshener.

And when you change the bag, the odor of the diapers remains, so you have to either wipe the pail down with Clorox or PineSol, and for added measure, spray it with Lysol.

Also, a little Lysol spray doesn't hurt either.

I too wipe it and spray with Lysol because it is a storage unit for dirty diapers.

Ocassionally I take it outside and spray it with Clorox disinfecting spray and let it air out.

I spray with lysol when changing the bags (hello, diapers are stinky and this still will require cleaning).

You would have to open it, shove a dirty diaper into a very small hole, close it... and than TURN a knob about 6 times for the diaper to make it to the base...CHANGING THE BAGS*  Remove the top off of the champ to access the bag*  Tie the bag closed, like a regular garbage bag*  Haul it to the OUTSIDE trash bin, preferably inside another bag to keep the animals away...*  Wash the container at least every other week, or spray it with a disinfectant, like Lysol or Oust.

I use Clorox wipes to clean it and Lysol spray.

I just spray with a little Lysol at the time of bag change and it is as good as new.

I agree with other reviews that you have to keep it clean of course -- and the easiest way Ive found so far is to spray it with clorox Lysol, let it air out, and I also use the disposable toilet cloths (scrubbing bubbles brand) and wipe everything down really good each time I take the bag out.

We empty it out often but even when we put a new trash bag and wipe it down and spray it down with lysol it still smells like poop.

It is very easy to clean and I spray it with bleach water and wipe it down before replacing a new trash bag.

I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.

I use scented trash bags and spray it out with Lysol after each changing and it has yet to smell.

I empty it daily and give the inside and the plunger (both sides) a quick spray of the Lysol.

SPRAY OUST or some air freshner INSIDE pail before putting in new bag and spray a little inside the actual new bag, and then a quick spray outside pail around it.4.

Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.

We have had this for 5 weeks now and its intent is well founded but the machanics or this device sometimes defeat its purpose.

All this defeats the purpose of having a "hands-free" diaper pail!

Perhaps a larger size should be made for larger diapers, though holding too many might defeat the purpose.

There is one serious design flaw though - the pail is tapered such that the bottom is noticeably larger than the top (probably for balancing purposes).

So, if you looking fo advice- like I did, the diaper champ is worth the money.

Hey, it's worth it!

I think it's worth the money you save from not having the special refil packs.

It's hard to move the knobs let alone twist them.$40 for a used diaper champ... not worth it.

To me, it is worth the price of refills not to have to put up with the smell.

But our new one is completely worthless!

Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.

Not worth the time, effort, and/or $$$.

It was well worth the investment!!!

It holds several days worth of smaller diapers.

And thelist goes on.This product is a bit pricey then the rest, but it'sworth every penny.

Overall, we were satisfied with the product and feel it is worth the money.

Sometimes you have to push the &quot;weight&quot; down after you flip the handle, but that just means that the pail is full and you need to change the bag.

Nothing is nastier than digging toys out of a bag of soiled diapers!Also, if a diaper is very soiled, the hole for depositing the diaper can become smeared and then when you flip the diaper into the pail the weight further smears the poo and it is difficult to clean.I combine the Champ & Genie by using the Champ for wets and the genie for poo.

Wouldn't b/c sticker on diaper tag traps in the weight thingy that pushes diaper down.

But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.

The diaper is gone and the kids actually think it's fun to throw diapers away because they think it's magic how it disapears!!

The flip top system, while fun and novel at the beginning, can be a pain.

I did not clean mine for 4 months and decided I should (although it did not stink) It came apart great.

It seems like we change diapers all the time and it holds so many!

It only holds about 10 newborn diapers before it becomes clogged and stops working.

It holds a lot of diapers so it doesn't need to be changed every day.

It also holds a lot of diapers.

It does not smell, and it holds any garbage bags.

It holds more diapers too.

It is a little bigger than the other pails, but it holds alot more!

I'm also happy with the amount of diapers that it holds.

Because it's a little taller and doesn't have sausage links (by the way, that's a really negative when it comes time to empty), it holds more diapers.

I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.

It holds several days worth of smaller diapers.

We eventually threw it out when my daughter was about 16 months.This is a great diaper pail for younger babies but can be too smelly as they get older.

Poop gets into the chamber, and smears on the outside of the rotating drum, particularly when they get too full, which they do often.

We have cured the smell by keeping handy a container of bleach-wipes, and frequently wiping thoroughly in and out of the drum.

It is a little tricky to open, but once you figure out how it's not bad.

The latch is hard to open because basically you have to use the tips of your fingers to disengage it which is tricky.

Yes, it can be a bit tricky to open (I found using two hands works best) but then again do I want something that is holding wet and otherwise dirty diapers to open easily?

It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.

Here's some tricks for this Champ:1.

As others have stated, there is a trick to starting a new batch with the Genie.

It's a good size & fits nicely next to my baby's changing table.

I am starting to potty train my son, but he still has mistakes in diapers, so this still gets use.

If you really want to save money, but still get a quality product, buy the Diaper Champ.I had a friend recommend it to me, and another friend recommend the Diaper Dekor.

I put an air freshener inside, which helped a little bit, but it still gets pretty stinky at times!

Out of all the new baby items we registered for, this one has no flaws that we can think of.

I am the owner of a used baby store in NJ, (I have a champ there too) and this is one of my hottest items, I have several diaper genies there that just do not sell.You will not be sorry you brought the Diaper Champ.

