Out of all the new baby items we registered for, this one has no flaws that we can think of.
great product, does what is supposed to do, and the best thing is that you don't need to buy refill bags (like Diaper Genie) you end up saving money that can go to diapers or formula...
No annoying refill bags (expensive; and am I the only one who fears realizing I'm out of refills at a critical moment?)
We've never had a problem with smell, or operation, and love that we can use the bags we choose and not be tied down to brand-specific refill bags.
And you don't need top of the line bags, just get some scented off-brand bags (I got 30 for $3), and you should be all set.
It's very convenient that you don't have to buy special (expensive) replacement bags for it and can use any type of kitchen trash bag.
I love that you can use regular trashbags instead of buying special ones just for the diaper pail.
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
You can use regular bags instead of special ones.
Also putting odor protectant bags helps with the smell too.
We eventually threw it out when my daughter was about 16 months.This is a great diaper pail for younger babies but can be too smelly as they get older.
It's easy to operate and looks good in my daughter's nursery.
Believe me, we have had our share of poopy diapers (my daughter is 7 months old &amp; now on solids) and her room has never smelled!
I have only been using it the past two months since my daughter is only 9 weeks old, but so far so good.
I just roll the diapers up, put them in the hole and flip the handle.One big benefit over the DG, is that I purchased a roll of scented 8 gallon bags for about $3 before the baby and I still haven't used all the bags - my daughter will be 11 months soon!
and currently our daughter is still in with us in the bedroom, so that means the diaper pail is as well.
I shoudn't have the gag reflex every time I enter my daughters nursery.
My daughter is now 2 years old, and I'm pregnant with our second.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.
You'll save a lot of money by using this one.
And even if you already have a Genie, if your child is going to be in diapers for more than 6 more months, go out and get a Champ because you'll be saving money in the long run by not having to buy any more refill cartridges!
great product, does what is supposed to do, and the best thing is that you don't need to buy refill bags (like Diaper Genie) you end up saving money that can go to diapers or formula...
The Diaper Champ uses an ordinary trash bag so saving money is just another benefit.
So, if you looking fo advice- like I did, the diaper champ is worth the money.
You won't be wasting money w/ this purchase.
You don't have to worry about if you twisted the top enough times, tying knots in the plastic liner before the diapers go everywhere, how to cut the plastic, spending "money" for refills, etc.
I think it's worth the money you save from not having the special refil packs.
A big plus is that we can use regular garbage bags and we do not have to worry about getting to a store to buy special bags and wasting that money.
If I would have known what I now today I would not have wasted my money and would have went for the real deal.
When I registered for The Diaper Champ I was a bit afraid I might be wasting my money.
I even tried wiping with Lysol or Clorox wipes daily &amp; those things are just a waste of time, effort and money.
I would not recommend wasting money on the types that require special bags.
The design of the Genie also resolves the need to tightly close the diaper, and the problem of the wipes soiling the side walls of the Champs's chamber.Yes, you have to buy the cartridges, but stock up when there is a sale, and the extra money isn't such a big deal.Take it from someone who has had both, buy the Diaper Genie.
You know they make the money off of the recurring costs of those refills and not the Genie itself.
I used a Diaper Genie with my first set of twins, and ended up switching to a regular garbage pail to save money.
If you really want to save money, but still get a quality product, buy the Diaper Champ.I had a friend recommend it to me, and another friend recommend the Diaper Dekor.
Sure it saves money.
It is also difficult to turn unless the diaper is smashed down as far as it can go in the cylinder.Do not waste your money on the New Diaper Champ.
i chose this over the diaper genie because i didn't want to keep pouring money into it for specific bags.
Overall, we were satisfied with the product and feel it is worth the money.
It is easy to use & can take any type of bags... who has the time or the money to search for the special genie bags everytime you run out.
I just roll the diapers up, put them in the hole and flip the handle.One big benefit over the DG, is that I purchased a roll of scented 8 gallon bags for about $3 before the baby and I still haven't used all the bags - my daughter will be 11 months soon!
We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
I use the plastic bags from the grocery store.
You can use regular supermarket plastic bags in it, it's so easy to empty, and I haven't had any problems with smells from this product.
I should be able to convince my wife to give away the Genies since we got them for free as shower gifts; my only hesitation being that someone else would have to use them.
Plus with the Diaper Champ you can flip the handle and away goes the dirty diaper.
:)The only down-side, is that babysitters are so "diaper genieized" they pop off the side handle trying to do it the wrong way.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
So what if the refills are $5, do you pay (usually) to throw anything else away?
*  ALWAYS make sure the diaper has made it all the way to the pail, or there will be backage.
I buy cheap store-brand garbage bags and I am able to fill the diaper pail all the way and it still doesn't smell.
Just watch as they try to figure how to throw away the diaper.
The diaper is gone and the kids actually think it's fun to throw diapers away because they think it's magic how it disapears!!
I had with my first child was only used a month or so and then I just used the outside trash because it was such a pain.I only gave it 4 stars because it is hard to open (I've also broken a nail trying to do it) and I wish the top unhinged all the way; it has a tendancy to slam back shut.
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
Just throw your folded up diaper in the openning on the top and flip the handle the other way and its gone (one thought here that I should note...I have had to fish "Pink Bunny" out of the Diaper Champ a few times during nap time...so consider this too when easy to use is a factor in your purchace.
I have a friend that has the Diaper Genie and he has the same issues we have, but he also has to purchase the special liners.The ONLY complaint I have is, you must simply make sure the tape is tucked away and this champ will work and work and work.
It is easy to use, although when you first start using it you'll need to get used to the way the release mechanism works on the lid when you change the garbage bag.
If you want to do it with one hand, you'll need to step on the bottom of the champ first and then pull up hard.I have another baby on the way, but have already sold my diaper champ.
Please, please consider this diaper pail, I garentee that you will love it, if you don't, they always have their return policy, but you will not need it with this product!
There's just something fascinating about the way the diaper "dissapears".
Sometimes you may have to shake it a little because of the way the diapers tend to pile on top of each other, but besides that, it is a wonderful product that lives up to its promise!
You would have to open it, shove a dirty diaper into a very small hole, close it... and than TURN a knob about 6 times for the diaper to make it to the base...CHANGING THE BAGS*  Remove the top off of the champ to access the bag*  Tie the bag closed, like a regular garbage bag*  Haul it to the OUTSIDE trash bin, preferably inside another bag to keep the animals away...*  Wash the container at least every other week, or spray it with a disinfectant, like Lysol or Oust.
I always thought her room still smelled faintly of poop.
I finally took it out of my baby's room because it was almost toxic and would blow you away when you walked in the room, no matter how often I changed the bags.
I agree with other reviews that you have to keep it clean of course -- and the easiest way Ive found so far is to spray it with clorox Lysol, let it air out, and I also use the disposable toilet cloths (scrubbing bubbles brand) and wipe everything down really good each time I take the bag out.
The Diaper Champ is the only way to go!!
(When done flipping the cylinder you do need to manually push the cylinder all the way down into the unit.)
It's still odorless, and I hope it stays that way.
The insert needs to be pushed all the way down for no odor to leak back.
The only way I was able to dislodge it was to tear out the seal.
At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
So I bought two - one for the one year old, and another for my second child, on the way.
Older son also pulls this over way more than he ever did with the Genie, and unfortunately, once he figured how the handle flips over, he puts things down inside the hole and flips the handle, so a few of his smaller toys have ended up down in the bag with the diapers.
Because it's a little taller and doesn't have sausage links (by the way, that's a really negative when it comes time to empty), it holds more diapers.
I've already had several diaper tabs catch and stick to the &quot;chute&quot; mechanism, thus having to open the lid and unstick the diaper - thankfully, these were not messy ones.Lastly, the &quot;chute&quot; design itself, while a good intention overall, to help &quot;push&quot; the disposed diaper into the bin, I am finding that after about 6-8 diapers are in the bin, unless I physically shake the whole bin to distribute what's already in there, they just pile up one on top of another and then the &quot;chute&quot; doesn't go down all the way when it's flipped over to dispose of the most recent diaper in the &quot;chute&quot;.
Yes, it might briefly smell when you change out the pail but I can't imagine other systems aren't the same way.
It has only stopped up a couple of times for me, but I just move the handle back and forth and it always comes unclogged and it is usually when it needs to be changed.
I know it is ready for a new bag when the plunger doesn't go all the way down.
Just take it outside right away was the only solution anyone could offer.Stubborn me, I kept looking - and I am SO GLAD I did!
They are a pain to dispose of in the diaper genie, and besides they take up valuable plastic wrap - better used for the diapers themselves.Some other review talked about the lack of the champ to keep the smell down - this might be true, but no matter what product you use, there's always a hint of smell anyway.
I go out of my way to bring smelly diapers to the champ instead of walking them outside to the trash bin.
I dont find it to be a hassle having to do this as i always did this before i had the diaper champ.
The chute doesn't go down all the way if you let the bag get too full- it's kind of your signal to change bags.
We always tightly wrap our diapers and I even tried washing it frequently but after about 3 or 4 days the stench comes right back and now I'm at a point where it's just taking too much time and effort to maintain.
So we ended up just throwing it away!
It does a pretty good job of keeping the smells away.
Do they even sell their proprietary bags in the regular grocery store, or would I have to make a special trip to babiesRus to get refills?
I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.
With the Diaper Champ, I can keep one hand on baby while disposing of the diaper with the other and best of all, no refills.
Biggest advantages over it's biggest competitor (Diaper Genie)...  no costly refills, and you only need one hand to operate.
They are so easy to use and don't require expensive refills.
So what if the refills are $5, do you pay (usually) to throw anything else away?
You don't have to worry about if you twisted the top enough times, tying knots in the plastic liner before the diapers go everywhere, how to cut the plastic, spending "money" for refills, etc.
No refills to every buy.
The genie because a problem with refills and odors.
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
To me, it is worth the price of refills not to have to put up with the smell.
No annoying refill bags (expensive; and am I the only one who fears realizing I'm out of refills at a critical moment?)
So I just change it once a week and it's the best, no expensive refills AND NO SMELLS!!
No smell, no mess, truely one-handed and no expensive refills to have to buy and with gas prices, that is just extra when you have to drive to the store right?!?
You know they make the money off of the recurring costs of those refills and not the Genie itself.
Every time you have to buy refills, it is almost as expensive as buying a new diaper pail.
I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
I will say that I use the Glad Odor Guard bags (still cheaper than the Genie refills) and empty in my garage instead of the babies room.
This is the most convenient on the market considering you don't need specific refills!!!
We purchased a convenient, odor-containing pail for a reasonable price and we don't have to purchase expensive refills.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
I love that you can use any bag for the inside instead of being forced to buy the more expensive refills.
If you want to thwart an odor problem do the following:-Fold the diaper over and close it.-Remember to change the bags!!!
My only problem was that when I forgot to replace the bag, and had to dump the contents directly into the washing machine, it was extremely awkward and smelly, but I wouldn't recommend not using a bag, this was my own fault.
Try dumping your solids in the toilet; that really takes care of problems like that too.
We have never had a problem with the smell escaping.3) Easy to use.
I have twins--so you can imagine how much poop goes into this pail and I've never had a problem with smell (I've been using it for two+ months now).
The genie because a problem with refills and odors.
I have never had a problem with odor, and it is truely one hand operable, as well as taking less than a second to operate.
I actually bought it seoncd hand and still I have not problems with scents.The great thing about it is that you can use regular garbage bags.
The easiest thing to deal with, no hassles, no mess, no smell, no problem!
It's great to be able to use regular diaper bags and I never have any problems with smell.
We have not had ANY odor problems with the champ.I chose this diaper pail because it seemed easy to use &amp; it didn't need proprietary bags.
Usually the odor is not really a problem if you change the bags frequently, but if you don't have a chance to change the bags just put a poopy diaper in a  plastic grocery bag before throwing it in the diaper champ.
It contains the odor with no problem.
My SIL changes her bag every 2/3 days and she has no problems with odor!
We read the reviews for the Diaper Champ and thought we would give it a try.We saw that some of the problems were that poopy diapers could be messy and that sometimes the smell leaks through.
It can be hard to open if you have long nails, but I have found that if you just use the side of your finger instead of your fingertips then it's no problem.
Every time we open it to remove the full bag, we find out just how great a job it does in keeping the smell out of the nursery!The only problem I've had was opening it.
Keeping with that practice, I haven't had a problem with bad odors.Secondly, its economical--its not expensive to buy, and its not expensive to maintain.
The design of the Genie also resolves the need to tightly close the diaper, and the problem of the wipes soiling the side walls of the Champs's chamber.Yes, you have to buy the cartridges, but stock up when there is a sale, and the extra money isn't such a big deal.Take it from someone who has had both, buy the Diaper Genie.
You can use regular supermarket plastic bags in it, it's so easy to empty, and I haven't had any problems with smells from this product.
I read the other reviews and have not had the odor problem that others have.
I just read the great reviews about this product and am very surprised to hear people don't have problem with the smell.
I also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.I have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or I would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.So why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.
We've never had a problem with smell, or operation, and love that we can use the bags we choose and not be tied down to brand-specific refill bags.
At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
I have had no problems with it whatsoever--it is very easy to use.
It is SO easy to use (even those unsaavy in the technology of modern parenting can figure the thing out...so grandpa and grandma can babysit, no problem) and the bags are a breeze to change.
All around we have  had NO problems and neither has grapa and grama.
We did have a problem with one of them in that the lining that makes it airtight is starting to come loose, but my husband said that the velcro from the diaper got stuck on it.
We don't have a problem with the nursery smelling at all!!
I have spoken to several of other mothers who have the same problem.
We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
It's a pretty easy problem to fix!
But absolutely never an odor problem.
But, after opening it a few times, I got good at it and don't have any problems anymore.
we have been using cloths since then (she is 4 mo) and there is no odor problem.
I have been using it for 4 weeks so far, and have not had any problems with smell at all.
We have NEVER had any problems with DiaperChamp, and we're still using the one that we purchased in 2001!
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.
I got the Neat diaper disposal system first but gave it up pretty quickly since you have to squish your dirty diaper through a small slot & believe me you never wanna sqeeze a diaper into anything EVER!
I decided to get this diaper disposal system instead of all of the others for one simple fact: NO REFILLS NEEDED!
I am the owner of a used baby store in NJ, (I have a champ there too) and this is one of my hottest items, I have several diaper genies there that just do not sell.You will not be sorry you brought the Diaper Champ.
SPRAY OUST or some air freshner INSIDE pail before putting in new bag and spray a little inside the actual new bag, and then a quick spray outside pail around it.4.
I buy the cheap storebrand kitchen trash bags from my supermarket, which come in a package of 15 or 20 for less than $2, and lasts me MONTHS!
We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!
if you dont mind washing the champ once in a while so that it wont stink up your nursery room.
I love that you can use regular kitchen-size trash bags and don't need to purchase any special expensive bags.
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
You put a dirty diaper in the hole, and flip the handle to dump the diaper into the champ.
The ease of use factor is amazing, drop a dirty diaper in the hole, grab the handle, give it a flip, the plunger pushes the diaper down and it drops into the can with a little gravitic help.No wrenching, turning, fighting a cartridge bag system.Opening it for the first time was a little hard, but look at that from a child's point of view, a toddler is not going to get into it, and neither is a dog.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
Just put the diaper in the hole and flip the handle over.
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
Sometimes you have to push the &quot;weight&quot; down after you flip the handle, but that just means that the pail is full and you need to change the bag.
Hold your nose and get ready to run out of the room when you flip the handle, but with larger diapers you don't stand a chance of making it as they often get stuck.
My only issue is that its hard to flip the handle over using one hand - kind of a must when holding on to a squirmy infant.
Plus with the Diaper Champ you can flip the handle and away goes the dirty diaper.
Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
Now when you flip the handle you get the Stick Up smell instead.
We loved it at first since it is so much easier to use than the diaper genie - you just drop the diaper in the slot and flip the handle.
All you do to dispose of the diaper is flip the handle, no twisting, squishing, squeezing whatever required.
You don't have to touch anything - just put it in and flip the handle.
You put your diaper in flip the handle and thats it.
:)The only down-side, is that babysitters are so "diaper genieized" they pop off the side handle trying to do it the wrong way.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
Just one simple flip of the handle puts the diaper in.
It is easy to toss a diaper, wipes, etc in while you are changing so you don't have a mess on your changing table and then you can wait until you are through to turn the handle (which can be done easily with one hand).
But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
Just throw your folded up diaper in the openning on the top and flip the handle the other way and its gone (one thought here that I should note...I have had to fish "Pink Bunny" out of the Diaper Champ a few times during nap time...so consider this too when easy to use is a factor in your purchace.
One hand to drop the diaper in and then flip the handle.
It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.
All you do is flip the handle over and you're done.
It was easy to set up and easy to use, just drop the diaper in the cylinder and flip the handle (make sure you wrap it tight to prevent it getting caught).
My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.
It entices my older son to help me b/c he loves to put the diaper in and turn the handle.
I just roll the diapers up, put them in the hole and flip the handle.One big benefit over the DG, is that I purchased a roll of scented 8 gallon bags for about $3 before the baby and I still haven't used all the bags - my daughter will be 11 months soon!
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
The only complaint is when it gets too full the handle/chute part gets jammed and can be hard to un-jam, but I guess that's what happens when I don't change it often enough.
Older son also pulls this over way more than he ever did with the Genie, and unfortunately, once he figured how the handle flips over, he puts things down inside the hole and flips the handle, so a few of his smaller toys have ended up down in the bag with the diapers.
Put the diaper in, flip the handle and the poop-filled Huggie and the smell with it, simply disappear.
It has only stopped up a couple of times for me, but I just move the handle back and forth and it always comes unclogged and it is usually when it needs to be changed.
I am usually in a hurry and the flip handle is very easy to use.
The plunger can make a loud 'thud' if you turn the handle quickly so at night I just leave the diaper sitting on top until baby is awake, or turn it really slowly.
Once a week take a couple Clorox wipes and wipe inside the hole where you put the dirty diaper, to clean any yucky leftover residue, flip the handle and do the other side, then wipe down the handle.5.
but you have to keep the area clean, and do your part to make the area smell free as well.
And the obvious, change the bag every couple days to eliminate the smell... don't expect to leave it there for a week and have it smell like roses!2.
Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
And if you get any mess on the unit... wipe it up with a clorox wipe or even a baby wipe.. comes clean easily.4) The side pops open easily, I have not sustained any injuries, broken nails, whatever or had any trouble opening the blue switch to change the bag.Really a great deal.
If I see a stain or smear of something, I just use a baby wipe to clean it off.Chances are if you smell something, it's because it's full or dirty and there is no product out there that works well when it exceeds it's capacity or isn't taken care of.
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
Bottom line: Using regular bags saves big time $$$.
I have a 3 week old and have got the genie upstairs and the champ downstairs - both hold off our odors, but the champ is MUCH easier and quicker and quieter to use!
With one baby i only had to change the bag once a week.It is now 2008 and i've had 2 more children (4 total) since I originally wrote this review.
I originally put this item on my baby registry because friends of mine highly recommended the use of a diaper pail.
We change bags twice a week (I'm sure as our boy gets older, it will have to be more frequent!).
The ease of use factor is amazing, drop a dirty diaper in the hole, grab the handle, give it a flip, the plunger pushes the diaper down and it drops into the can with a little gravitic help.No wrenching, turning, fighting a cartridge bag system.Opening it for the first time was a little hard, but look at that from a child's point of view, a toddler is not going to get into it, and neither is a dog.
In fact, I am considering buying one for my church's nursery, after having to smell a pretty foul diaper from one of the other babies there.
I've read the bad reviews about the smell factor, but I still recommend this product.
Just throw your folded up diaper in the openning on the top and flip the handle the other way and its gone (one thought here that I should note...I have had to fish "Pink Bunny" out of the Diaper Champ a few times during nap time...so consider this too when easy to use is a factor in your purchace.
It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.
I like the fact that you can use your own bags, but it's no longer any more effective than just a regular trash can sitting in his room with the lid up.
In fact, I'm buying the Diaper Champ for everyone I know who's having a baby shower, so they don't make the same mistake we did!
The fact that I use the same bags for my kitchen as I do the champ makes it that much easier.
First, because of the fact that the diapers are not sealed into little "sausages"  like the Diaper Genie, the Champ can produce quite a smell.
Love the fact this pail can use regular garbage bags.
In fact, we actually bought a second one for our lower level where I spend most of the daytime hours with our son.
Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
I decided to get this diaper disposal system instead of all of the others for one simple fact: NO REFILLS NEEDED!
The ease of use factor is amazing, drop a dirty diaper in the hole, grab the handle, give it a flip, the plunger pushes the diaper down and it drops into the can with a little gravitic help.No wrenching, turning, fighting a cartridge bag system.Opening it for the first time was a little hard, but look at that from a child's point of view, a toddler is not going to get into it, and neither is a dog.
As a first time parent I highly recommend this!
When you are a first time mom and on a tight budget every little bit helps.
I am having my second baby and this is one of those things that i call useless baby stuff that i wouldn't buy again.
Out of all the new baby items we registered for, this one has no flaws that we can think of.
I purchased it before my son was born, and now, with my 11 month old baby boy, who went from breast fed to formula to solids, I can happily answer: YES!
I use the drawstring tall kitchen garbage bags and it works perfectly!
We do empty it at least twice a week, but our baby uses a lot of diapers.
As a first-time mom, I got the great idea that cloth would be better, and this was the only diaper disposal that advertised compatibility with cloth diapers.
When you are a first time mom and on a tight budget every little bit helps.
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
In fact, I'm buying the Diaper Champ for everyone I know who's having a baby shower, so they don't make the same mistake we did!
This is a great baby shower gift!
I think there is a seal that broke (maybe because my husband liked to try and force the diapers down and didn't make sure the sticky tabs on the diaper were secure so it would get jammed) and ever since you can smell even one diaper in it.
My husband liked it so much he wants to buy another one for the den just for regular trash!!!
Besides myself, my husband and mother found the Diaper Genie very frustrating to use, changing the bags required quite a bit of time and energy, all the while smelling the stinky diaper smell.
My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.
I also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.I have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or I would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.So why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.
We did have a problem with one of them in that the lining that makes it airtight is starting to come loose, but my husband said that the velcro from the diaper got stuck on it.
Also, be sure not to try to stuff too many more diapers in once the Champ is full -- you could break the "piston" as my over-zealous husband did with our first Champ.
Oh, it does work at keeping the smells out, also uses garbage bags which is great, but if you look closely, the top is actually narrower than the bottom.
I spray with lysol when changing the bags (hello, diapers are stinky and this still will require cleaning).
We empty it out often but even when we put a new trash bag and wipe it down and spray it down with lysol it still smells like poop.
We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
I understand that diet directly affects the odor of the diapers but since we use the babies room as a spare bedroom, it was VERY important to me that the smell stay contained.
I will say that I use the Glad Odor Guard bags (still cheaper than the Genie refills) and empty in my garage instead of the babies room.
As baby gets older, you have to change more frequently - which is OK since you can use your own bags.
This thing is awesome and I highly recommended it to all!If you want an odor free room for your baby go with the Diaper Champ for sure!
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
