My childs clothing - including cloth diapers - are virtually stain free.I highly recommend this item.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
BUT, when the diapers get bigger they get stuck very easily and very few fit even though this thing is much bigger than the diaper genie.
Maybe as baby grows into larger diapers it will be more like 2 - 3 times a week.Still, that's better than taking every dirty diaper (8 or more a day) outside to the garbage can, especially in a Minnesota winter.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
Also, making sure that the tape on the diapers is secure will prevent that from happening as well.2.
Also everytime you dispose your diaper it smells even when you are careful to put the poopy diapers in a plastic bag before disposing.
Nothing is nastier than digging toys out of a bag of soiled diapers!Also, if a diaper is very soiled, the hole for depositing the diaper can become smeared and then when you flip the diaper into the pail the weight further smears the poo and it is difficult to clean.I combine the Champ & Genie by using the Champ for wets and the genie for poo.
Hold your nose and get ready to run out of the room when you flip the handle, but with larger diapers you don't stand a chance of making it as they often get stuck.
I recommend wiping it out with a disinfectant wipe each item as well as wiping down the part where you put the diapers into and flip.
One caution though, be careful with the tabs from the diapers.
Granted our 3-month old isn't producing really stinky diapers yet, but the Champ is much better than using a trash can.
When pulling out a full bag of diapers be sure to put your foot on the base to keep it from banging you in the shin as it falls backward.
If you are conservation minded at all, you will appreciate that you can use any bag (including recycled ones) and it only uses one bag to hold a mess of diapers.
With two infants in diapers, every little bit helps!I gave only 4 stars because if you don't wrap up the diaper before using the Diaper Champ and the velcro tabs are hanging loose, they can become stuck in the shoot and you have to open the pail to free the diaper.I highly recommend the Diaper Champ as an inexpensive alternative to other diaper pails.
Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.
For those people who complain endlessly about the smell of dirty diapers emanating from the area around the Diaper Champ, I have one suggestion - take out the diapers more often.
We have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.This product has been a life saver and I recommend it highly.
If you use cloth diapers the diaper Champ is a must have, forget the diaper Genie it's a hassle for cloth diapers.
And even if you already have a Genie, if your child is going to be in diapers for more than 6 more months, go out and get a Champ because you'll be saving money in the long run by not having to buy any more refill cartridges!
great product, does what is supposed to do, and the best thing is that you don't need to buy refill bags (like Diaper Genie) you end up saving money that can go to diapers or formula...
And when you change the bag, the odor of the diapers remains, so you have to either wipe the pail down with Clorox or PineSol, and for added measure, spray it with Lysol.
So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.
The bottom is wider than the top so the diapers fill up the wider spot at the bottom making it hard to pull the bag out of the top.
It fits about 15-20 diapers.
We do empty it at least twice a week, but our baby uses a lot of diapers.
Now we just put the diapers in regular grocery bags and throw them in the kitchen trash.
I absolutely love it -- My son is only three months old, so his diapers aren't as smelly as they will be once he starts on solid foods, I know, but he HAS already produced some truly potent samples from time to time!
And as for emptying it too often, I have never emptied ours more than once a week, and besides, would you REALLY want to leave old diapers sitting around any longer than a week??
So in the last few months, the smell becomes noticible in the room after only a few diapers have been added and the smell is really strong when you change bags.
If I'm changing one of the kids diapers, my 2 or 3yr old can dispose of the dirty diaper while I put a clean one on my youngest.
The diaper is gone and the kids actually think it's fun to throw diapers away because they think it's magic how it disapears!!
I am starting to potty train my son, but he still has mistakes in diapers, so this still gets use.
My doctors office has one in the lobby as well for dirty diapers and you can't smell a thing.
You don't have to worry about if you twisted the top enough times, tying knots in the plastic liner before the diapers go everywhere, how to cut the plastic, spending "money" for refills, etc.
It seems like we change diapers all the time and it holds so many!
I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.
Even the old pail hardly smelled bad to me, I think after you have changed diapers for 4 years, you get somewhat immune to it.
I changed to Gallon zip-locs, you can stuff a few diapers in a gallon zip loc and discard.
It only holds about 10 newborn diapers before it becomes clogged and stops working.
Bottom line: diapers smell in anything you put them in.
I too wipe it and spray with Lysol because it is a storage unit for dirty diapers.
Believe me, we have had our share of poopy diapers (my daughter is 7 months old &amp; now on solids) and her room has never smelled!
Very cost efficient, and no stinky diapers in the trash!
the diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink.
The common complaint about the diapers catching is balogna ... when they don't go down, the pail is full and it is time to change the bag.
As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
My son is a year now and eating solids, therefore those poo-poo diapers are getting really bad.
I empty it every other day so that his room doesn't have the odor of dirty diapers.
My son is in size 4 diapers and the Champ last a week without changing the bag or ANY smells!
It holds a lot of diapers so it doesn't need to be changed every day.
My kids all love to watch the diapers disapear into the hole, they laugh at it every time.
I don't think there is any magic solution for diapers except to take them outside.
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
I usually take the diapers out twice a week and it works wonderful.
We were so disapointed to find out that it does not hold a full laundry load of diapers and cloth wipes.
I spray with lysol when changing the bags (hello, diapers are stinky and this still will require cleaning).
I think there is a seal that broke (maybe because my husband liked to try and force the diapers down and didn't make sure the sticky tabs on the diaper were secure so it would get jammed) and ever since you can smell even one diaper in it.
Sometimes you may have to shake it a little because of the way the diapers tend to pile on top of each other, but besides that, it is a wonderful product that lives up to its promise!
We do change the bag about ever 3-4 days (keep in mind we have TWO TIMES the diapers) and wash it out frequently as well.
Cleaning the pail is a must, it does hold dirty diapers!We found that the best "diaper solution" is not to just let the pail do all the work (pretty much common sense if you ask me!)
If you just just toss the diapers into it, sure they could get stuck.
Despite my son's normally rancid diapers, I can't smell a thing!
The larger diapers fit a little better, but the monthly cost of special Diaper Genie bags started adding up.With the birth of our second child, I refused to use the Diaper Genie.
We replaced it with the NEW Diaper Genie and we have NO more odors (even after 6 or 7 dirty diapers), so we know that it was the pail!
I am constantly telling them not to put their hand into the hole the dirty diapers go in - Just gross since the diapers directly touch this area with no liner!2.
The reason I gave it two stars is the ease of use with the Champ is superior....but I simply CANT LIVE with the stinky smell of diapers!
It also holds a lot of diapers.
Let's face it - diapers stink.
We read the reviews for the Diaper Champ and thought we would give it a try.We saw that some of the problems were that poopy diapers could be messy and that sometimes the smell leaks through.
They're great for disposing of diapers when you're out, they're great to clean up messes in the car, and THEY'RE GREAT WITH THE DIAPER CHAMP!
The little individual bags are super cheap and great for other things but if you don't have them, the poopy diapers can be a bit messy for this product.
You cannot smell diapers-unless of course you don't change it or clean out.
I've even had other Moms tell me that they can't smell dirty diapers in my house, even with 2 kids producing them.
As my son has grown and his cloth diapers have gotten bigger, it is sometimes a challenge to stuff the diaper and cover into the cylinder so that it can turn without forcing.
As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.
It's good only for wet diapers not DIRTY DIAPERS!
If you are nursing exclusively then the diapers aren't so bad to begin with and it does a great job of containing the smell.
Not only are the diapers the ultimate in smelly, but they are quite a bit larger than the newborn ones.
Reuse those plastic grocery bags for dirty diapers.
First, because of the fact that the diapers are not sealed into little "sausages"  like the Diaper Genie, the Champ can produce quite a smell.
It holds more diapers too.
As a first-time mom, I got the great idea that cloth would be better, and this was the only diaper disposal that advertised compatibility with cloth diapers.
It is important to really fold in the sticky tabs on the diapers, or they will become stuck in the works and jam up the whole mechanism.Otherwise, it's great!
I just roll the diapers up, put them in the hole and flip the handle.One big benefit over the DG, is that I purchased a roll of scented 8 gallon bags for about $3 before the baby and I still haven't used all the bags - my daughter will be 11 months soon!
There is sometimes a smell when you empty it, because you are pulling out a trash bag with smelly diapers in it.
I have a 1 year old and the bigger the baby, the bigger the diapers.
I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.
It does start to smell when there are poopy diapers in it, but I can't imagine that any product could completely eliminate poopy diaper odor!!
I think this is b/c we do not use it as much, and diapers sit in it longer.
Yes, it can be a bit tricky to open (I found using two hands works best) but then again do I want something that is holding wet and otherwise dirty diapers to open easily?
*A helpful hint* use any odor shield trash bag and you really will not have to worry about those smelly diapers!
I have 2 dogs and was a little worried about diapers being in garbage cans so after reading many reviews, got the Camp and wouldn't live without it.I have no odors from the champ, nor do I find that it gets dirty.
I also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.I have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or I would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.So why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.
But diapers with pee only do not smell at all.
This is also not sanitary, as placing the diapers inside the hole sometimes causes 'stuff' to wipe off on the inside.
Older son also pulls this over way more than he ever did with the Genie, and unfortunately, once he figured how the handle flips over, he puts things down inside the hole and flips the handle, so a few of his smaller toys have ended up down in the bag with the diapers.
I will use it with infant diapers only.
I understand that diet directly affects the odor of the diapers but since we use the babies room as a spare bedroom, it was VERY important to me that the smell stay contained.
If you "package" the diapers with the fasteners before putting them into the pail you will be able to fit more, plus it also helps with odor control.
This may look fancy, but does not control soiled diapers odors, only wet diapers odors.
Easy to operate to release and discard soiled diapers.
I'm also happy with the amount of diapers that it holds.
Because it's a little taller and doesn't have sausage links (by the way, that's a really negative when it comes time to empty), it holds more diapers.
Otherwise, I think I would pass out from changing the bags after the diapers have been 'brewing' in the pail for over a week.
I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.
I've already had several diaper tabs catch and stick to the &quot;chute&quot; mechanism, thus having to open the lid and unstick the diaper - thankfully, these were not messy ones.Lastly, the &quot;chute&quot; design itself, while a good intention overall, to help &quot;push&quot; the disposed diaper into the bin, I am finding that after about 6-8 diapers are in the bin, unless I physically shake the whole bin to distribute what's already in there, they just pile up one on top of another and then the &quot;chute&quot; doesn't go down all the way when it's flipped over to dispose of the most recent diaper in the &quot;chute&quot;.
It holds several days worth of smaller diapers.
Perhaps a larger size should be made for larger diapers, though holding too many might defeat the purpose.
We actually still keep both around - and use the Diaper Genie for the bad diapers and for the quicky changes we use the Diaper Champ.
They are a pain to dispose of in the diaper genie, and besides they take up valuable plastic wrap - better used for the diapers themselves.Some other review talked about the lack of the champ to keep the smell down - this might be true, but no matter what product you use, there's always a hint of smell anyway.
I go out of my way to bring smelly diapers to the champ instead of walking them outside to the trash bin.
I am reading the mixed reviews on this product and wanted to give my two cents...No, this product does not totally lock in the smell of dirty diapers.
At that point I either change the bag, or if I want to get a few more diapers in before I change it, I just gently bounce the pail up and down a few times and I am able to get more diapers inside.
We always tightly wrap our diapers and I even tried washing it frequently but after about 3 or 4 days the stench comes right back and now I'm at a point where it's just taking too much time and effort to maintain.
I purchased 2 different pails (the other being a lousy product from Fisher Price), one for cloth and one for disposable diapers.
By trash day the pail is full, easily indicated by having to push the plunger down manually because the other dirty diapers are close to the top.
Early on, when your baby's diapers don't smell too bad, this diaper pail is great.
Sometimes diapers or wipes get stuck in the push-down mechanism, which I don't like.
Also, be sure not to try to stuff too many more diapers in once the Champ is full -- you could break the "piston" as my over-zealous husband did with our first Champ.
It claims to keep the smell of dirty diapers in.
We are also VERY careful to be sure any dirty diapers are sealed (by the tape) with the wipes wrapped up inside, so that nothing gets on the part of the pail where you drop the diaper in.
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
The cylinder continually got stuck, and diapers would often get stuck in the cylinder.
!Now if you leave a bag full of stinky diapers in there for a week, then you're not using your brain.
Yes if you leave the pail open for long periods of time there might be an odor but this is easily fixable by placing an odor disc, like you put in vacum bags, in the current trashbag.
Do they even sell their proprietary bags in the regular grocery store, or would I have to make a special trip to babiesRus to get refills?
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
You can use any trash bag2.
However, sometimes you have to brace yourself before opening the cover and tying off the bag.
The ease of use factor is amazing, drop a dirty diaper in the hole, grab the handle, give it a flip, the plunger pushes the diaper down and it drops into the can with a little gravitic help.No wrenching, turning, fighting a cartridge bag system.Opening it for the first time was a little hard, but look at that from a child's point of view, a toddler is not going to get into it, and neither is a dog.
Maybe as baby grows into larger diapers it will be more like 2 - 3 times a week.Still, that's better than taking every dirty diaper (8 or more a day) outside to the garbage can, especially in a Minnesota winter.
Fitting the bag and wrapping it around the interior gate is another inconvenience.A person really interested in controlling the stink is better off using any old garbage can lined with a bag, and on a daily basis changing it, and tying it off.
Make sure the bag is inserted correctly (not sticking out of the Champ).Getting clogged?
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
There is a smell when changing the bag, but it isn't anydifferent than changing a kitchen trash can.
Also everytime you dispose your diaper it smells even when you are careful to put the poopy diapers in a plastic bag before disposing.
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
Sometimes you have to push the &quot;weight&quot; down after you flip the handle, but that just means that the pail is full and you need to change the bag.
Nothing is nastier than digging toys out of a bag of soiled diapers!Also, if a diaper is very soiled, the hole for depositing the diaper can become smeared and then when you flip the diaper into the pail the weight further smears the poo and it is difficult to clean.I combine the Champ & Genie by using the Champ for wets and the genie for poo.
The diaper champ is definitely easy to use and very convenient since you can use any bag.
When pulling out a full bag of diapers be sure to put your foot on the base to keep it from banging you in the shin as it falls backward.
):  Place a Bounce dryer sheet in the bottom of the pail (before putting the trash bag in)and spray thoroughly with Lysol after each use.
If you are conservation minded at all, you will appreciate that you can use any bag (including recycled ones) and it only uses one bag to hold a mess of diapers.
When you change the bag, get in there with some Lysol spray and eliminate the germs and the residual odor (hello, if you didn't flush the toilet for a week it would stink, too - try changing the bag before it's overflowing!
Plus, you can use any standard garbage bags.
This a great buy, you can use any type of plastic bag you want.
Otherwise, you'll notice the smell for sure...as you're digging through the trash bag to recover said object.Outstanding product.
And if you get any mess on the unit... wipe it up with a clorox wipe or even a baby wipe.. comes clean easily.4) The side pops open easily, I have not sustained any injuries, broken nails, whatever or had any trouble opening the blue switch to change the bag.Really a great deal.
I just sprinkle some scented baby powder or spray some Lysol Disinfectant spray everytime I change a bag, to keep it from smelling even a little bit.I highly recommend the Champ, you will not regret it!!
Like another reviewer, I too use Lemon Scented garbage bags, but that really only makes a difference once you have tied up the bag and put it with the rest of the garbage to go out.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
I'd say find a cheap 5-10 dollar garbage pail with a tight lid and use my advice...
:)  I love the Diaper Champ - you can operate it with one hand (allowing you a free hand to hold down a squirming baby on the changing table), no special bags to purchase, and odor-free if you stay on top of changing the bag and spraying with Lysol every few bag changes.
If you want to thwart an odor problem do the following:-Fold the diaper over and close it.-Remember to change the bags!!!
My only problem was that when I forgot to replace the bag, and had to dump the contents directly into the washing machine, it was extremely awkward and smelly, but I wouldn't recommend not using a bag, this was my own fault.
The bag gets heavy and awkward to pull out if you don't have good upper body strength or a bad lower back.
I love that you can use regular trashbags instead of buying special ones just for the diaper pail.
****Keep in mind you should have a ready supply of bags at your baby's changing station**** This also acts like the genies sauseges, you wrap the stinky ones individually.
When you do change the bag spray with Lysol, and add a stick on deodorizer, or a car air freshener.
great product, does what is supposed to do, and the best thing is that you don't need to buy refill bags (like Diaper Genie) you end up saving money that can go to diapers or formula...
* What's not to like -- you use you're own bags.
And when you change the bag, the odor of the diapers remains, so you have to either wipe the pail down with Clorox or PineSol, and for added measure, spray it with Lysol.
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
The Diaper Champ uses an ordinary trash bag so saving money is just another benefit.
Now that I have used it for 16 months, here is why I still love it and recommend it to all1) No special bags to buy!!
So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.
The bottom is wider than the top so the diapers fill up the wider spot at the bottom making it hard to pull the bag out of the top.
You do need to disenfect it when you change the bag, but I would recommend that with any product that is a holding tank for feces (you have to disinfect your toilets, too).I have recommended the Diaper Champ over the genie to every one of my friends.
I buy cheap store-brand garbage bags and I am able to fill the diaper pail all the way and it still doesn't smell.
I would recommend this to anyone!The only downfall and why it lost a star is that it has a tendency to close when you are trying to change the bag and has torn more than one.
Now we just put the diapers in regular grocery bags and throw them in the kitchen trash.
I wasn't interested in getting the Diaper Genie because those sausage baggy things were too much of a pain!
It takes the plastic grocery store bags that everyone has too many of.
You almost want to change the bag outside!
The only foul aroma you will smell is when you change the trash bag.
I buy the cheap storebrand kitchen trash bags from my supermarket, which come in a package of 15 or 20 for less than $2, and lasts me MONTHS!
The greatest part to us, was that you could use oversized plastic shopping bags, etc and we just keep emptying and reusing the same bag over and over.
It's very convenient that you don't have to buy special (expensive) replacement bags for it and can use any type of kitchen trash bag.
So in the last few months, the smell becomes noticible in the room after only a few diapers have been added and the smell is really strong when you change bags.
I just put in a plastic shopping bag and then throw that into the kitchen bag when it's full.Visitors to your home may wonder how it works.
It's much less expensive in the long run, since you don't have to buy special bags for it.
It reeks of retained vile diaper odor AND the stupid design makes it very difficult to replace the bag with 2 hands.
Any possible smell is locked in, you carry it outside then open lid to change bag so no smell is ever lingering in the house.
You can buy like 100 bags for the cost of one diaper genie refill.
We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
The best part is that we were able to use regular trash bags.
It is neat that you can use your own bags, but the concept of the bag sealing like the diaper genie when you put it in seems like it would work better.
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
With one baby i only had to change the bag once a week.It is now 2008 and i've had 2 more children (4 total) since I originally wrote this review.
All you have to do is put ANY kind of bag inside the champ and close the lid.
you can use any ol' bag with this.
We change bags twice a week (I'm sure as our boy gets older, it will have to be more frequent!).
It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.
A big plus is that we can use regular garbage bags and we do not have to worry about getting to a store to buy special bags and wasting that money.
We compared this too the other one and decided we liked the idea of the common garbage bag better.
The added convienance of using standard trash bags is a major and inexpensive bonus!
My only complaint is that when you flip the thing over to make it send the diaper into the bag, it can get caught, smearing the diaper's contents onto other parts of the pail (I know, ewww)if it isn't closed up tightly.All in all I like it and don't see any reason to buy another disposal system at this time.
And I just changed the bag yesterday!
The common complaint about the diapers catching is balogna ... when they don't go down, the pail is full and it is time to change the bag.
So we have to change the bag in it very frequently.
As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
I expect that as she continues to grow I will just need to change the bag more often.
I actually bought it seoncd hand and still I have not problems with scents.The great thing about it is that you can use regular garbage bags.
You dont need to purchase expensive bags for it to be effective so even if you pay more up front.
This product is easy to use and the bags aren't hard to change.
It's great to be able to use regular diaper bags and I never have any problems with smell.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
We have not had ANY odor problems with the champ.I chose this diaper pail because it seemed easy to use &amp; it didn't need proprietary bags.
It is easy to use, although when you first start using it you'll need to get used to the way the release mechanism works on the lid when you change the garbage bag.
Usually the odor is not really a problem if you change the bags frequently, but if you don't have a chance to change the bags just put a poopy diaper in a  plastic grocery bag before throwing it in the diaper champ.
The Diaper Champ seemed like the perfect answer to the alternative with no special bags to buy & easy disposal (no twisting), and it was - for awhile.
My son is in size 4 diapers and the Champ last a week without changing the bag or ANY smells!
But eventually, I found out that to keep it working well, you have to use a large enough garbage bag (instead of a grocery bag as I was doing).
The champ, the baby bjorn, fluerville diaper bag, and graco pack and play bassinet all vie for the best baby purchase.Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.UpdateI knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!!
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
I have also heard that some people put kitty litter at the bottom of the bag to help eliminate some of the odors, but I haven't had to try this yet.
Mine is now in a closet and I'm using a regular garbage pail.
I spray with lysol when changing the bags (hello, diapers are stinky and this still will require cleaning).
It's cheaper then the diaper genie and you don't half to buy any special bags.
I like the fact that you can use your own bags, but it's no longer any more effective than just a regular trash can sitting in his room with the lid up.
Those go right in the garbage outside!
You would have to open it, shove a dirty diaper into a very small hole, close it... and than TURN a knob about 6 times for the diaper to make it to the base...CHANGING THE BAGS*  Remove the top off of the champ to access the bag*  Tie the bag closed, like a regular garbage bag*  Haul it to the OUTSIDE trash bin, preferably inside another bag to keep the animals away...*  Wash the container at least every other week, or spray it with a disinfectant, like Lysol or Oust.
We do change the bag about ever 3-4 days (keep in mind we have TWO TIMES the diapers) and wash it out frequently as well.
No annoying refill bags (expensive; and am I the only one who fears realizing I'm out of refills at a critical moment?)
There's no smell except for the brief moments when you change the bag.
I do change the bags often...which is very cost effective since I use old shopping bags.
I am so glad I did, I mean I for one do not find it the least bit pleasant to have to squish down a poopy diaper into a plastic bag with my hands (Diaper genie).
It does a great job blocking odors and best of all, is compatible with ANY plastic bag.
The larger diapers fit a little better, but the monthly cost of special Diaper Genie bags started adding up.With the birth of our second child, I refused to use the Diaper Genie.
My SIL changes her bag every 2/3 days and she has no problems with odor!
As baby gets older, you have to change more frequently - which is OK since you can use your own bags.
I use it faithfully every day and love the ease and convenience of only having to change the bag once a week!
I love that you can use regular kitchen-size trash bags and don't need to purchase any special expensive bags.
Besides myself, my husband and mother found the Diaper Genie very frustrating to use, changing the bags required quite a bit of time and energy, all the while smelling the stinky diaper smell.
maybe it's not big enough), and when you change bags you do get a whiff of bad smell, but the smelly time is very short in comparison.
I use scented bags in the diaper pail, I have a deoderizer stuck on the inside of the pail, and I have an odor neutralizer on the outside of the pail.
Oh, it does work at keeping the smells out, also uses garbage bags which is great, but if you look closely, the top is actually narrower than the bottom.
!1 The best part about it is it uses REGULAR kitchen bags.
No special bags to purchase, no odors, not too bulky.
We'd come home and every time, they'd gotten in wrong and used the cutter tool on top and cut the diaper bag like they were changing it when they just needed to put the diaper in.
On another positive note it is very easy to use and change bags.
No special bags.
The little individual bags are super cheap and great for other things but if you don't have them, the poopy diapers can be a bit messy for this product.
You can also use any trash bags you already have around the house, which is why we purchased this particular diaper pail.
I change the bag every 5-6 days or so.
We're spending more on trash bags then we would on Diaper Genie bags.
We were originally going to get the Dekor (because of the looks) but realized once we saw it that we would have to change the refill bag constantly since it didn't look like it could hold much.
No matter how often you change the bag and clean the thing, the diaper champ emits the odor of the smelly diaper into the room.
Every time we open it to remove the full bag, we find out just how great a job it does in keeping the smell out of the nursery!The only problem I've had was opening it.
I finally took it out of my baby's room because it was almost toxic and would blow you away when you walked in the room, no matter how often I changed the bags.
As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.
I just spray with a little Lysol at the time of bag change and it is as good as new.
I wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
AND you can use regular trash bags & dispose of the diaper with one hand!
The lever that supposed to push them down just sits on top of them and when you empty the bag there is still tons of room.
The fact that I use the same bags for my kitchen as I do the champ makes it that much easier.
Think about it, would you put a garbage can with rotting food in the baby's room?
Reuse those plastic grocery bags for dirty diapers.
I agree with other reviews that you have to keep it clean of course -- and the easiest way Ive found so far is to spray it with clorox Lysol, let it air out, and I also use the disposable toilet cloths (scrubbing bubbles brand) and wipe everything down really good each time I take the bag out.
Opening the pail to empty the bag is a little difficult, but it's better than having to buy special bags for it.
My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.
She would have to change the bag in the Diaper Genie every half day if she had that!
It is very nice to be able to used regular kitchen sized trash bags.
I would not recommend wasting money on the types that require special bags.
You can use regular trash bags which helps reduce the cost of expensive specialty bags.
It does not smell, and it holds any garbage bags.
Just use grocery bags/department store bags and empty it every 2-3 days.
I mean aprox 200-250 bags a year is only six bucks!
We empty it out often but even when we put a new trash bag and wipe it down and spray it down with lysol it still smells like poop.
I just roll the diapers up, put them in the hole and flip the handle.One big benefit over the DG, is that I purchased a roll of scented 8 gallon bags for about $3 before the baby and I still haven't used all the bags - my daughter will be 11 months soon!
There is sometimes a smell when you empty it, because you are pulling out a trash bag with smelly diapers in it.
It is very easy to clean and I spray it with bleach water and wipe it down before replacing a new trash bag.
I use the plastic bags from the grocery store.
The only good thing (and I mean the only), was that it took regular trash bags.
You can use regular supermarket plastic bags in it, it's so easy to empty, and I haven't had any problems with smells from this product.
For me, the only time I experience an odor is when I change the bags.
I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.
A roll of 1000 bags cost me about $6 or $7 (which is about what one refill costs for the Genie).
I am really interested in finding another &quot;use-any-trashbag&quot; style for sake of our finances.
I went out and bought the Diaper Champ, it uses regular kitchen bags (hint: buy the powder scented kitchen bags) its so great you never have to open a lid and have that terrible smell hit you.
I know because when you open it to empty a full bag, it smells awful.
You can use any type of trash bag with this versus the diaper genie where you have to purchase their expensive bags.
I used a Diaper Genie with my first set of twins, and ended up switching to a regular garbage pail to save money.
We preferred this model over the newer model.Its easy to use and doesn't need any special bags.We change the trash bag in the Diaper Champ once, maybe twice a week.
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
Love the fact this pail can use regular garbage bags.
And about having to change the bag often, once again we are talking about DIRTY DIAPERS!!!
Bottom line: Using regular bags saves big time $$$.
The Diaper Champ is also very easy to use and easy to change bags.
Especially no special bags to buy.
*A helpful hint* use any odor shield trash bag and you really will not have to worry about those smelly diapers!
I have 2 dogs and was a little worried about diapers being in garbage cans so after reading many reviews, got the Camp and wouldn't live without it.I have no odors from the champ, nor do I find that it gets dirty.
Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.
Not only do you not have to buy special bags, the ease of use is phenomenal.
To make sure there is no smell eminating from it, we put a box of Arm & Hammer in the bottom and use scented garbage bags- and there is NO BAD SMELL AT ALL!
And you don't need top of the line bags, just get some scented off-brand bags (I got 30 for $3), and you should be all set.
I also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.I have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or I would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.So why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.
We've never had a problem with smell, or operation, and love that we can use the bags we choose and not be tied down to brand-specific refill bags.
But it's just the nature of garbage.
Older son also pulls this over way more than he ever did with the Genie, and unfortunately, once he figured how the handle flips over, he puts things down inside the hole and flips the handle, so a few of his smaller toys have ended up down in the bag with the diapers.
However, for the previous 13 months-this is what I encountered -PROS - Using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
It is so easy to use, never smells (so far) and I love that you can use your own garbage bags and do not have to purchase special bags to use with this diaper pail!
We didn't even think about buying the Diaper Genie because we thought the idea of buying special bags and odor discs was ridiculous.
We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!
It is SO easy to use (even those unsaavy in the technology of modern parenting can figure the thing out...so grandpa and grandma can babysit, no problem) and the bags are a breeze to change.
The Diaper Champ is the best we found!There are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
It takes regular trash bags.
You don't have to purchase extra materials for the Diaper Champ, you can use your own trash bags.
Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
This really does keep the smell in.With having twins, we change the bag every couple of days.
When you're changing the bags on the champ, it can be messy, depending on how long you waited to change the bag, but with the Decor, you just open the front door and knot the bag even if it's full to the brim--so much easier.
I will say that I use the Glad Odor Guard bags (still cheaper than the Genie refills) and empty in my garage instead of the babies room.
Otherwise, I think I would pass out from changing the bags after the diapers have been 'brewing' in the pail for over a week.
I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.
We change the bag quite frequently because it is after all a diaper pail.
We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
Now you're taking out an extra bag of garbage every day or two!!
A VERY SMELLY extra bag of garbage (it literally makes you gag when you take the top off of it!).
They are cheaper than using the Diaper Genie bags and the tall kitchen bags that go in the Diaper Champ; and much cheaper than those little blue baggie things.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
I love that you can use any bag for the inside instead of being forced to buy the more expensive refills.
I use scented trash bags and spray it out with Lysol after each changing and it has yet to smell.
Also putting odor protectant bags helps with the smell too.
And the obvious, change the bag every couple days to eliminate the smell... don't expect to leave it there for a week and have it smell like roses!2.
If you're like me, you probably have tons of grocery bags laying around.
We like to use drawstring garbage bags, which makes it easier to close up the nasty mess before toting it right out to the outside garbage can.For twins and other multiples, the Champ beats the Genie hands down because of its volume and its use of inexpensive regular garbage can liners.
I just Lysol the bin each time I change the bag and it stays clean and odor free!!
I know it is ready for a new bag when the plunger doesn't go all the way down.
You can use regular bags instead of special ones.
No odor, easy to use, and large enough where I don't have to replace the bag every 3 days, like I did with the Dekor.
The champ is easy to use (just drop in and flip), we have NO smells, and you can use regular trash bags.
You don't have to keep buying specific bags for it.
(Now that my baby is older and stinkier, I notice a faint smell if I stand right over it, but I just sprinkle some baking soda in the bag, or you could but a couple charcoal brickettes in the bottom, or any other of the 101 odor absorbing remedies out there.
We change the bag about every 5 days when its full, which every 5 days is not bad at all!
You can usually get 2-3 hard flips before you must change the bag because you can't fit any more in.
Its easy to open and remove bag when its time to change the trash bag.
The chute doesn't go down all the way if you let the bag get too full- it's kind of your signal to change bags.
(If you peek around the latch, you can see that there is open circulation into the diaper bag where odors flow freely).
(though you need to change the bag after 7 days or so if the weather is warm, but the same is true with the Genie...I mean come on now...it is a bag of poo and pee).So I bought a 2nd Champ and sold the Genie to a 2nd hand store.
At that point I either change the bag, or if I want to get a few more diapers in before I change it, I just gently bounce the pail up and down a few times and I am able to get more diapers inside.
Plus, it's easy to use, easy to keep clean, and uses any type of plastic bag.
I love that I don't have to buy expensive bags, I actually use the cheapest bags I can find.
I thought about getting the Diaper Genie, but I didn't like the idea of having to buy expensive bags or using so much effort to dispose of the diaper.
I do like how you can use ANY garbage bag though.
It's not too loud but it can possibly disturb a sleeping baby.-- the latch that allows the whole top to be lifted up in order to change the bag is in an awkward position and is a little tough to pull open.
i chose this over the diaper genie because i didn't want to keep pouring money into it for specific bags.
I didn't want to have to buy special bags which are more expensive and just one more thing you can run out of.
Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
It's a cinch to change the bags.
We empty the bag about 2x a week and our child is on solids!
It doesn't require any special bags which is the biggest selling point.
It is much more cost effective then the genie b/c you don't need to keep buying the expensive bag inserts, just use any old trash bag.There is also no messing with loading a newbag like the genie.
It is easy to use & can take any type of bags... who has the time or the money to search for the special genie bags everytime you run out.
I now use scented garbage bags (much economical, purchased from the dollar store).The dogs would attack the Diaper Genie because of the smell.
This thing is great to just put diaper in and flip and no special bags.
We have the air freshner that goes with it, a second air freshner and odor guard bags and it still stinks!
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
It's so easy to pop a bag in or out as well.
I use the drawstring tall kitchen garbage bags and it works perfectly!
SPRAY OUST or some air freshner INSIDE pail before putting in new bag and spray a little inside the actual new bag, and then a quick spray outside pail around it.4.
!Now if you leave a bag full of stinky diapers in there for a week, then you're not using your brain.
I also like being able to use regular garbage bags and even those plastic shopping bags which is great and very economical.
You put a dirty diaper in the hole, and flip the handle to dump the diaper into the champ.
The champ is just like a regular trash can with a lid-just looks fancier.
I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.
The diaper champ is definitely easy to use and very convenient since you can use any bag.
Now I travel quite a bit, but do not even try to take my diaper champ with me- I think that would be absurd.
For the home, diaper champ is great, and is simple because you use what you already have.
I love the concept of a diaper champ, but somebody do something about the smell, please.
The diaper champ is so easy and great because you can do it with one hand.
So, if you looking fo advice- like I did, the diaper champ is worth the money.
My baby is 1 month old now and we have been using the diaper champ since day 1.
All you have to do is put ANY kind of bag inside the champ and close the lid.
I have a friend that has the Diaper Genie and he has the same issues we have, but he also has to purchase the special liners.The ONLY complaint I have is, you must simply make sure the tape is tucked away and this champ will work and work and work.
the diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink.
This is not a worry when it comes to the champ.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
We have not had ANY odor problems with the champ.I chose this diaper pail because it seemed easy to use &amp; it didn't need proprietary bags.
Since he started eating solids his poop does smell much stronger, but the champ is a pro at keeping odor at bay.
Usually the odor is not really a problem if you change the bags frequently, but if you don't have a chance to change the bags just put a poopy diaper in a  plastic grocery bag before throwing it in the diaper champ.
It's hard to move the knobs let alone twist them.$40 for a used diaper champ... not worth it.
This creates a tighter seal and helps to reduce odor.One thing, the diaper champ cover is damned hard to open.
If you want to do it with one hand, you'll need to step on the bottom of the champ first and then pull up hard.I have another baby on the way, but have already sold my diaper champ.
The champ, the baby bjorn, fluerville diaper bag, and graco pack and play bassinet all vie for the best baby purchase.Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.UpdateI knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!!
You would have to open it, shove a dirty diaper into a very small hole, close it... and than TURN a knob about 6 times for the diaper to make it to the base...CHANGING THE BAGS*  Remove the top off of the champ to access the bag*  Tie the bag closed, like a regular garbage bag*  Haul it to the OUTSIDE trash bin, preferably inside another bag to keep the animals away...*  Wash the container at least every other week, or spray it with a disinfectant, like Lysol or Oust.
The diaper champ is very easy to use.
I've had the diaper champ for about 8 months.
No matter how often you change the bag and clean the thing, the diaper champ emits the odor of the smelly diaper into the room.
if you dont mind washing the champ once in a while so that it wont stink up your nursery room.
I am the owner of a used baby store in NJ, (I have a champ there too) and this is one of my hottest items, I have several diaper genies there that just do not sell.You will not be sorry you brought the Diaper Champ.
The fact that I use the same bags for my kitchen as I do the champ makes it that much easier.
and overall, I'm happy with the diaper champ.
I have a 3 week old and have got the genie upstairs and the champ downstairs - both hold off our odors, but the champ is MUCH easier and quicker and quieter to use!
We change our son, put the diper in the champ and give it one turn.
Not long after I started using the champ the blue name disks on the sides started just falling out for no reason.
I have 2 dogs and was a little worried about diapers being in garbage cans so after reading many reviews, got the Camp and wouldn't live without it.I have no odors from the champ, nor do I find that it gets dirty.
Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.
The diaper champ is super easy to use and very cost effective.
The diaper champ is simple to use and no smells.
When you're changing the bags on the champ, it can be messy, depending on how long you waited to change the bag, but with the Decor, you just open the front door and knot the bag even if it's full to the brim--so much easier.
We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
You will never see your diaper champ getting dirty, and stinky.
The champ is easy to use (just drop in and flip), we have NO smells, and you can use regular trash bags.
They are a pain to dispose of in the diaper genie, and besides they take up valuable plastic wrap - better used for the diapers themselves.Some other review talked about the lack of the champ to keep the smell down - this might be true, but no matter what product you use, there's always a hint of smell anyway.
I go out of my way to bring smelly diapers to the champ instead of walking them outside to the trash bin.
I dont find it to be a hassle having to do this as i always did this before i had the diaper champ.
Our baby is 2 months old now and we have not noticed any odor coming from the diaper champ.-- easy to clean.
We both just like the style and look of the champ.
Bottom line: diapers smell in anything you put them in.
It's great to be able to use regular diaper bags and I never have any problems with smell.
The champ, the baby bjorn, fluerville diaper bag, and graco pack and play bassinet all vie for the best baby purchase.Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.UpdateI knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!!
We'd come home and every time, they'd gotten in wrong and used the cutter tool on top and cut the diaper bag like they were changing it when they just needed to put the diaper in.
(If you peek around the latch, you can see that there is open circulation into the diaper bag where odors flow freely).
I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.
The diaper champ is definitely easy to use and very convenient since you can use any bag.
Now I travel quite a bit, but do not even try to take my diaper champ with me- I think that would be absurd.
For the home, diaper champ is great, and is simple because you use what you already have.
I love the concept of a diaper champ, but somebody do something about the smell, please.
The diaper champ is so easy and great because you can do it with one hand.
So, if you looking fo advice- like I did, the diaper champ is worth the money.
My baby is 1 month old now and we have been using the diaper champ since day 1.
the diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
Usually the odor is not really a problem if you change the bags frequently, but if you don't have a chance to change the bags just put a poopy diaper in a  plastic grocery bag before throwing it in the diaper champ.
It's hard to move the knobs let alone twist them.$40 for a used diaper champ... not worth it.
This creates a tighter seal and helps to reduce odor.One thing, the diaper champ cover is damned hard to open.
If you want to do it with one hand, you'll need to step on the bottom of the champ first and then pull up hard.I have another baby on the way, but have already sold my diaper champ.
The diaper champ is very easy to use.
I've had the diaper champ for about 8 months.
No matter how often you change the bag and clean the thing, the diaper champ emits the odor of the smelly diaper into the room.
and overall, I'm happy with the diaper champ.
Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.
The diaper champ is super easy to use and very cost effective.
The diaper champ is simple to use and no smells.
You will never see your diaper champ getting dirty, and stinky.
I dont find it to be a hassle having to do this as i always did this before i had the diaper champ.
Our baby is 2 months old now and we have not noticed any odor coming from the diaper champ.-- easy to clean.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
The diaper genie is not odorless, but it does a much better job of keeping the room fresh smelling for a longer period before you have to empty it.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
There is a smell when changing the bag, but it isn't anydifferent than changing a kitchen trash can.
Also everytime you dispose your diaper it smells even when you are careful to put the poopy diapers in a plastic bag before disposing.
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
In fact, I am considering buying one for my church's nursery, after having to smell a pretty foul diaper from one of the other babies there.
If you have a sensitive nose I guarantee you will smell this pail.
Also, to give it a little good smell I buy a 2 pk of stick-ups(.97 cents at Wal-Mart) & stick one in the bottom of the pail.You will not go wrong betting on this one.
I've read the bad reviews about the smell factor, but I still recommend this product.
Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
Now when you flip the handle you get the Stick Up smell instead.
Now her room reeks after every poopy diaper so we either have to empty this thing once or twice a day - which is very wasteful and inconvenient - or put up with the smell, which of course, we are not willing to do.
Otherwise, you'll notice the smell for sure...as you're digging through the trash bag to recover said object.Outstanding product.
I just sprinkle some scented baby powder or spray some Lysol Disinfectant spray everytime I change a bag, to keep it from smelling even a little bit.I highly recommend the Champ, you will not regret it!!
Do not listen to the other reviews on this webpage - this product makes the entire nursery smell!
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
For those people who complain endlessly about the smell of dirty diapers emanating from the area around the Diaper Champ, I have one suggestion - take out the diapers more often.
Having raw sewage sitting in your house will never smell good, so matter what product you use to try and cover it up -
I love the concept of a diaper champ, but somebody do something about the smell, please.
My only problem was that when I forgot to replace the bag, and had to dump the contents directly into the washing machine, it was extremely awkward and smelly, but I wouldn't recommend not using a bag, this was my own fault.
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.
I haven't noticed any seepage of smells.I would recommend it over the others on the market.
And there is NO smell at all.
I buy cheap store-brand garbage bags and I am able to fill the diaper pail all the way and it still doesn't smell.
We have cured the smell by keeping handy a container of bleach-wipes, and frequently wiping thoroughly in and out of the drum.
The only foul aroma you will smell is when you change the trash bag.
I absolutely love it -- My son is only three months old, so his diapers aren't as smelly as they will be once he starts on solid foods, I know, but he HAS already produced some truly potent samples from time to time!
You never smell anything from these!
We have never had a problem with the smell escaping.3) Easy to use.
So in the last few months, the smell becomes noticible in the room after only a few diapers have been added and the smell is really strong when you change bags.
We eventually threw it out when my daughter was about 16 months.This is a great diaper pail for younger babies but can be too smelly as they get older.
Any possible smell is locked in, you carry it outside then open lid to change bag so no smell is ever lingering in the house.
My doctors office has one in the lobby as well for dirty diapers and you can't smell a thing.
Even the old pail hardly smelled bad to me, I think after you have changed diapers for 4 years, you get somewhat immune to it.
This is just a fancy trashcan, because it smells bad once you put a dirty diaper in there!!
I have twins--so you can imagine how much poop goes into this pail and I've never had a problem with smell (I've been using it for two+ months now).
Bottom line: diapers smell in anything you put them in.
Believe me, we have had our share of poopy diapers (my daughter is 7 months old &amp; now on solids) and her room has never smelled!
The easiest thing to deal with, no hassles, no mess, no smell, no problem!
It is easy to use and I never smell any odor coming from it.
It's great to be able to use regular diaper bags and I never have any problems with smell.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
Since he started eating solids his poop does smell much stronger, but the champ is a pro at keeping odor at bay.
I have rarely smelled anything, and if I do, that means it's time to take out the trash.
My son is in size 4 diapers and the Champ last a week without changing the bag or ANY smells!
Very few people seem to realize this and it is disconcerting that so many people are posting about the wonderful smell reducing power of this contraption without realizing that they are using it INCORRECTLY!
To me, it is worth the price of refills not to have to put up with the smell.
I want to start by saying that there isn't a diaper pail in existence that will keep smells out of your house 100%.
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
It is so easy to operate, doesn't smell (with Diaper Genie you get a malodorous whiff every time you open the lid!)
This product is wonderful... Let's face it- as cute as they are babies are smelly.
I think there is a seal that broke (maybe because my husband liked to try and force the diapers down and didn't make sure the sticky tabs on the diaper were secure so it would get jammed) and ever since you can smell even one diaper in it.
but you have to keep the area clean, and do your part to make the area smell free as well.
No smelly odors!
There's no smell except for the brief moments when you change the bag.
Up until we started table food, it kept all of the diaper smell contained.
I always thought her room still smelled faintly of poop.
Despite my son's normally rancid diapers, I can't smell a thing!
The Diaper Champ is difficult to use and does not contain the smell at all!!
It is much easier to take out the trash once a day than live with a smelly room.
Besides myself, my husband and mother found the Diaper Genie very frustrating to use, changing the bags required quite a bit of time and energy, all the while smelling the stinky diaper smell.
maybe it's not big enough), and when you change bags you do get a whiff of bad smell, but the smelly time is very short in comparison.
Later, the wadding that keeps the smell in started to tear so since we were expecting a new baby, we decided to try the New Improved Diaper Champ.This thing is a pain, nothing like the first.
Oh, it does work at keeping the smells out, also uses garbage bags which is great, but if you look closely, the top is actually narrower than the bottom.
It's better for the environment than other disposable diaper systems and it really doesn't smell!
The reason I gave it two stars is the ease of use with the Champ is superior....but I simply CANT LIVE with the stinky smell of diapers!
I also like the review regarding not disposing of the really smelly ones in the pail.
We read the reviews for the Diaper Champ and thought we would give it a try.We saw that some of the problems were that poopy diapers could be messy and that sometimes the smell leaks through.
You cannot smell diapers-unless of course you don't change it or clean out.
I've even had other Moms tell me that they can't smell dirty diapers in my house, even with 2 kids producing them.
No matter how often you change the bag and clean the thing, the diaper champ emits the odor of the smelly diaper into the room.
We have ours in our bedroom and we do not have any diaper smell whatsoever!
Every time we open it to remove the full bag, we find out just how great a job it does in keeping the smell out of the nursery!The only problem I've had was opening it.
As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.
This is easy, but horribly smelly.
He is now 6 weeks and it is getting a little more smelly and sometimes you can smell it when you walk past it in the nursery.
If you are nursing exclusively then the diapers aren't so bad to begin with and it does a great job of containing the smell.
My son is almost two, and let me tell you, little babies just don't produce the smells like the older ones.
After stuggling with poopy smell for 9 months I finally gave in and bought a Diaper Genie.
Not only are the diapers the ultimate in smelly, but they are quite a bit larger than the newborn ones.
As it gets full it will smell a little but what diaper pail with human waste would not smell as it fills up.
First, because of the fact that the diapers are not sealed into little "sausages"  like the Diaper Genie, the Champ can produce quite a smell.
when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it....unlike the Diaper Genie!
No smell, no mess, truely one-handed and no expensive refills to have to buy and with gas prices, that is just extra when you have to drive to the store right?!?
It does not smell, and it holds any garbage bags.
There is nothing sealing the smells in.
There is never a smell and is so easy to empty.
We empty it out often but even when we put a new trash bag and wipe it down and spray it down with lysol it still smells like poop.
There is sometimes a smell when you empty it, because you are pulling out a trash bag with smelly diapers in it.
But I have also found that this pail actually smells less and the smell was easier to get out with cleaning.
You can use regular supermarket plastic bags in it, it's so easy to empty, and I haven't had any problems with smells from this product.
I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.
I went out and bought the Diaper Champ, it uses regular kitchen bags (hint: buy the powder scented kitchen bags) its so great you never have to open a lid and have that terrible smell hit you.
I know because when you open it to empty a full bag, it smells awful.
It does start to smell when there are poopy diapers in it, but I can't imagine that any product could completely eliminate poopy diaper odor!!
And use an antibacterial wipe out the chute about once a week.To contain smell and mess, we make sure that each diaper is securely closed before placing the diaper inside.
I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
The unique hopper design allows one-handed use and keeps smells from permeating the nursery.
I just read the great reviews about this product and am very surprised to hear people don't have problem with the smell.
Also as baby grows and diaper gets bigger you need to manually push it down, and that smell thing.
*A helpful hint* use any odor shield trash bag and you really will not have to worry about those smelly diapers!
Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.
To make sure there is no smell eminating from it, we put a box of Arm & Hammer in the bottom and use scented garbage bags- and there is NO BAD SMELL AT ALL!
We've never had a problem with smell, or operation, and love that we can use the bags we choose and not be tied down to brand-specific refill bags.
We have yet to smell a thing!Whoever figured out this design is a genius.
It is not anymore difficult than emptying my kitchen trashcan and it smells a lot better!
At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
But diapers with pee only do not smell at all.
Trust me people, there is a big difference from infant poop smell and toddler poop smell!
It keeps the smell at bay pretty well and is very easy to use.
It is so easy to use, never smells (so far) and I love that you can use your own garbage bags and do not have to purchase special bags to use with this diaper pail!
I understand that diet directly affects the odor of the diapers but since we use the babies room as a spare bedroom, it was VERY important to me that the smell stay contained.
First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
NOTE: To help cut down on the smell, take the diaper and wrap it up using the tabs!
The smell is negligible.
This fills up quite quickly, I have to change it twice weekly (stay at home mom), so it doesn't smell to me.
The diaper champ is simple to use and no smells.
This really does keep the smell in.With having twins, we change the bag every couple of days.
We don't have a problem with the nursery smelling at all!!
This pail does not smell and it's so easy to use.
Put the diaper in, flip the handle and the poop-filled Huggie and the smell with it, simply disappear.
It is very easy to remove stucked diaper.You should never rely on these things to keep the smell inside.
Yes, it might briefly smell when you change out the pail but I can't imagine other systems aren't the same way.
Our little boy's room was smelly when we would open the door to get him up for the day.
I use scented trash bags and spray it out with Lysol after each changing and it has yet to smell.
Also putting odor protectant bags helps with the smell too.
And the obvious, change the bag every couple days to eliminate the smell... don't expect to leave it there for a week and have it smell like roses!2.
), and NEVER smells.
The champ is easy to use (just drop in and flip), we have NO smells, and you can use regular trash bags.
(Now that my baby is older and stinkier, I notice a faint smell if I stand right over it, but I just sprinkle some baking soda in the bag, or you could but a couple charcoal brickettes in the bottom, or any other of the 101 odor absorbing remedies out there.
They are a pain to dispose of in the diaper genie, and besides they take up valuable plastic wrap - better used for the diapers themselves.Some other review talked about the lack of the champ to keep the smell down - this might be true, but no matter what product you use, there's always a hint of smell anyway.
I go out of my way to bring smelly diapers to the champ instead of walking them outside to the trash bin.
I am reading the mixed reviews on this product and wanted to give my two cents...No, this product does not totally lock in the smell of dirty diapers.
It keeps the smell OUT completely!
My friends recommended against the other options, which they claimed they worked for awhile, but soon became cost ineffective and smelled.
Early on, when your baby's diapers don't smell too bad, this diaper pail is great.
I still use it, and just put up with the smell.
If I see a stain or smear of something, I just use a baby wipe to clean it off.Chances are if you smell something, it's because it's full or dirty and there is no product out there that works well when it exceeds it's capacity or isn't taken care of.
The smell issue is solved, and it is much easier to use than our old Genie.
I can only imagine how bad the smell will be, once we start her on solids.
......all I can say is the smell is horrible.....1 star.....
It claims to keep the smell of dirty diapers in.
Not only that, it also gives out a stinky smell when the baby grows and starts eating solid food.
I have been using it for 4 weeks so far, and have not had any problems with smell at all.
I now use scented garbage bags (much economical, purchased from the dollar store).The dogs would attack the Diaper Genie because of the smell.
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
It does a pretty good job of keeping the smells away.
Up until we started table food, it kept all of the diaper smell contained.
Besides myself, my husband and mother found the Diaper Genie very frustrating to use, changing the bags required quite a bit of time and energy, all the while smelling the stinky diaper smell.
We have ours in our bedroom and we do not have any diaper smell whatsoever!
Yes if you leave the pail open for long periods of time there might be an odor but this is easily fixable by placing an odor disc, like you put in vacum bags, in the current trashbag.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
Would definitely reccomend this pail over any other!
Very useful if you have a baby in your arms.If I have anything to do with it, I will NEVER use any other diaper pail again!
I originally put this item on my baby registry because friends of mine highly recommended the use of a diaper pail.
Sometimes you have to push the &quot;weight&quot; down after you flip the handle, but that just means that the pail is full and you need to change the bag.
Nothing is nastier than digging toys out of a bag of soiled diapers!Also, if a diaper is very soiled, the hole for depositing the diaper can become smeared and then when you flip the diaper into the pail the weight further smears the poo and it is difficult to clean.I combine the Champ & Genie by using the Champ for wets and the genie for poo.
I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.
I would highly recommend this diaper pail to anyone.
I recommend Diaper Champ to anyone looking for a diaper pail that actually works.
(They even sent me extras should it happen again)I HIGHLY reccomend this diaper pail over ANY competitors, you will not be sorry!
That makes the heavy center portion slide back and forth FAST, and sure enough she caught her finger and started yowling.This was *not* an isolated incident -- if you play with the pail a little bit, you'll quickly see that the mechanism is a total finger trap for toddlers.
If you need to get a diaper pail, I urge you to check out this item.
But regardless, I would suggest that this over any other diaper pail.
If you have a sensitive nose I guarantee you will smell this pail.
Also, to give it a little good smell I buy a 2 pk of stick-ups(.97 cents at Wal-Mart) & stick one in the bottom of the pail.You will not go wrong betting on this one.
I suppose we could buy a second one, but I don't think parents should have to buy a new "diaper pail" every six months or so for $29.99.The other minor disappointment with the Diaper Champ, as many others have mentioned, is the difficulty of opening it to empty.
It latches very tightly.My advice if you have already purchased this pail is to make sure that absolutely no "residue" whatsoever is outside of the diaper.
):  Place a Bounce dryer sheet in the bottom of the pail (before putting the trash bag in)and spray thoroughly with Lysol after each use.
With two infants in diapers, every little bit helps!I gave only 4 stars because if you don't wrap up the diaper before using the Diaper Champ and the velcro tabs are hanging loose, they can become stuck in the shoot and you have to open the pail to free the diaper.I highly recommend the Diaper Champ as an inexpensive alternative to other diaper pails.
Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.
I definetly would recommend this pail to all.
You also have to CLEAN THE THING, its a diaper pail, you have to scrub it once a month...
I'd say find a cheap 5-10 dollar garbage pail with a tight lid and use my advice...
I could not imagine a diaper pail that would work better than this one.
I love that you can use regular trashbags instead of buying special ones just for the diaper pail.
*  ALWAYS make sure the diaper has made it all the way to the pail, or there will be backage.
And when you change the bag, the odor of the diapers remains, so you have to either wipe the pail down with Clorox or PineSol, and for added measure, spray it with Lysol.
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
It is so bad I am considering buying another diaper pail even though I will be potty traing soon.
I do not recommend this diaper pail if your goal is to keep the room from stinking.
I buy cheap store-brand garbage bags and I am able to fill the diaper pail all the way and it still doesn't smell.
We eventually threw it out when my daughter was about 16 months.This is a great diaper pail for younger babies but can be too smelly as they get older.
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
since it really keeps the odor inside the pail, can be a little loud as it slides down into the pail, especially in the quiet hours in the middle of the night when you're trying to get baby back to sleep.
I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.
In my opinion this is the best diaper pail out there.
Even the old pail hardly smelled bad to me, I think after you have changed diapers for 4 years, you get somewhat immune to it.
My son likes to put toys in the Champ and we've had several close calls when he was about to send a toy into the pail, never to be seen again (becasue who wants to retrieve it, let alone let their child play with it?!?).
I have twins--so you can imagine how much poop goes into this pail and I've never had a problem with smell (I've been using it for two+ months now).
My only complaint is that when you flip the thing over to make it send the diaper into the bag, it can get caught, smearing the diaper's contents onto other parts of the pail (I know, ewww)if it isn't closed up tightly.All in all I like it and don't see any reason to buy another disposal system at this time.
I am reluctant to purchase a new diaper pail, but the hassle with this one is pushing me to it.
Our triplets just turned two and we are ready to buy diaper pail #3.
no complaints from me on this diaper pail.
The common complaint about the diapers catching is balogna ... when they don't go down, the pail is full and it is time to change the bag.
The only odor was inside the actual diaper pail itself.
We have not had ANY odor problems with the champ.I chose this diaper pail because it seemed easy to use &amp; it didn't need proprietary bags.
I could live with a slight odor (after all it is a diaper pail), but not a blowout stinkfest.
Please, please consider this diaper pail, I garentee that you will love it, if you don't, they always have their return policy, but you will not need it with this product!
I want to start by saying that there isn't a diaper pail in existence that will keep smells out of your house 100%.
Mine is now in a closet and I'm using a regular garbage pail.
What a great diaper pail!
Cleaning the pail is a must, it does hold dirty diapers!We found that the best "diaper solution" is not to just let the pail do all the work (pretty much common sense if you ask me!)
I love this diaper pail.
I've read all the reviews on all the major diaper pails, mainly because I'm dissatisfied with the Diaper Champ I own.
We replaced it with the NEW Diaper Genie and we have NO more odors (even after 6 or 7 dirty diapers), so we know that it was the pail!
I use scented bags in the diaper pail, I have a deoderizer stuck on the inside of the pail, and I have an odor neutralizer on the outside of the pail.
I also like the review regarding not disposing of the really smelly ones in the pail.
You can also use any trash bags you already have around the house, which is why we purchased this particular diaper pail.
As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.
I have never noticed any odor that I've noticed with other pails.
Opening the pail to empty the bag is a little difficult, but it's better than having to buy special bags for it.
As it gets full it will smell a little but what diaper pail with human waste would not smell as it fills up.
I just don't know that you can really expect "odor-free" from any diaper pail.That said, we've been satisfied enough with this pail, but then just yesterday the foam lining on the top came out.
Well then you  now need to clean the pail as well as the baby.
But I have also found that this pail actually smells less and the smell was easier to get out with cleaning.
and currently our daughter is still in with us in the bedroom, so that means the diaper pail is as well.
I love this diaper pail so much!!
I used a Diaper Genie with my first set of twins, and ended up switching to a regular garbage pail to save money.
Love the fact this pail can use regular garbage bags.
Every time you have to buy refills, it is almost as expensive as buying a new diaper pail.
It is a little bigger than the other pails, but it holds alot more!
It is so easy to use, never smells (so far) and I love that you can use your own garbage bags and do not have to purchase special bags to use with this diaper pail!
If you "package" the diapers with the fasteners before putting them into the pail you will be able to fit more, plus it also helps with odor control.
After reading several reviews on diaper pails, I decided to try the Diaper Champ.
Otherwise, I think I would pass out from changing the bags after the diapers have been 'brewing' in the pail for over a week.
This pail does not smell and it's so easy to use.
We change the bag quite frequently because it is after all a diaper pail.
Definitely recommend it to all who are looking for an easy to use cost efficent diaper pail.
We purchased a convenient, odor-containing pail for a reasonable price and we don't have to purchase expensive refills.
Yes, it might briefly smell when you change out the pail but I can't imagine other systems aren't the same way.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
It is an odorless diaper pail that actually follows the &quot;Keep it simple&quot; principle.
And if the pail is the least bit full, the lid won't flip.
All this defeats the purpose of having a "hands-free" diaper pail!
It's not perfect but if you regularly empty the pail it works well.
It's also quite attractive for a diaper pail (quite high tech and sanitary looking).
At that point I either change the bag, or if I want to get a few more diapers in before I change it, I just gently bounce the pail up and down a few times and I am able to get more diapers inside.
It is a fabulous diaper pail--great for cloth or disposable and no odors!
There is one serious design flaw though - the pail is tapered such that the bottom is noticeably larger than the top (probably for balancing purposes).
I purchased 2 different pails (the other being a lousy product from Fisher Price), one for cloth and one for disposable diapers.
By trash day the pail is full, easily indicated by having to push the plunger down manually because the other dirty diapers are close to the top.
Early on, when your baby's diapers don't smell too bad, this diaper pail is great.
I love this diaper pail.
I have been using this diaper pail for 41/2 months now and just love it.
This is a great diaper pail, easy to use and keeps the odor in.
(referencing other people's reviews) but this pail does NOT do the job.
We are also VERY careful to be sure any dirty diapers are sealed (by the tape) with the wipes wrapped up inside, so that nothing gets on the part of the pail where you drop the diaper in.
SPRAY OUST or some air freshner INSIDE pail before putting in new bag and spray a little inside the actual new bag, and then a quick spray outside pail around it.4.
Very useful if you have a baby in your arms.If I have anything to do with it, I will NEVER use any other diaper pail again!
I originally put this item on my baby registry because friends of mine highly recommended the use of a diaper pail.
I would highly recommend this diaper pail to anyone.
I recommend Diaper Champ to anyone looking for a diaper pail that actually works.
(They even sent me extras should it happen again)I HIGHLY reccomend this diaper pail over ANY competitors, you will not be sorry!
If you need to get a diaper pail, I urge you to check out this item.
But regardless, I would suggest that this over any other diaper pail.
I suppose we could buy a second one, but I don't think parents should have to buy a new "diaper pail" every six months or so for $29.99.The other minor disappointment with the Diaper Champ, as many others have mentioned, is the difficulty of opening it to empty.
With two infants in diapers, every little bit helps!I gave only 4 stars because if you don't wrap up the diaper before using the Diaper Champ and the velcro tabs are hanging loose, they can become stuck in the shoot and you have to open the pail to free the diaper.I highly recommend the Diaper Champ as an inexpensive alternative to other diaper pails.
You also have to CLEAN THE THING, its a diaper pail, you have to scrub it once a month...
I could not imagine a diaper pail that would work better than this one.
I love that you can use regular trashbags instead of buying special ones just for the diaper pail.
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
It is so bad I am considering buying another diaper pail even though I will be potty traing soon.
I do not recommend this diaper pail if your goal is to keep the room from stinking.
I buy cheap store-brand garbage bags and I am able to fill the diaper pail all the way and it still doesn't smell.
We eventually threw it out when my daughter was about 16 months.This is a great diaper pail for younger babies but can be too smelly as they get older.
I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.
In my opinion this is the best diaper pail out there.
I am reluctant to purchase a new diaper pail, but the hassle with this one is pushing me to it.
Our triplets just turned two and we are ready to buy diaper pail #3.
no complaints from me on this diaper pail.
The only odor was inside the actual diaper pail itself.
We have not had ANY odor problems with the champ.I chose this diaper pail because it seemed easy to use &amp; it didn't need proprietary bags.
I could live with a slight odor (after all it is a diaper pail), but not a blowout stinkfest.
Please, please consider this diaper pail, I garentee that you will love it, if you don't, they always have their return policy, but you will not need it with this product!
I want to start by saying that there isn't a diaper pail in existence that will keep smells out of your house 100%.
What a great diaper pail!
I love this diaper pail.
I've read all the reviews on all the major diaper pails, mainly because I'm dissatisfied with the Diaper Champ I own.
I use scented bags in the diaper pail, I have a deoderizer stuck on the inside of the pail, and I have an odor neutralizer on the outside of the pail.
You can also use any trash bags you already have around the house, which is why we purchased this particular diaper pail.
As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.
As it gets full it will smell a little but what diaper pail with human waste would not smell as it fills up.
I just don't know that you can really expect "odor-free" from any diaper pail.That said, we've been satisfied enough with this pail, but then just yesterday the foam lining on the top came out.
and currently our daughter is still in with us in the bedroom, so that means the diaper pail is as well.
I love this diaper pail so much!!
Every time you have to buy refills, it is almost as expensive as buying a new diaper pail.
It is so easy to use, never smells (so far) and I love that you can use your own garbage bags and do not have to purchase special bags to use with this diaper pail!
After reading several reviews on diaper pails, I decided to try the Diaper Champ.
We change the bag quite frequently because it is after all a diaper pail.
Definitely recommend it to all who are looking for an easy to use cost efficent diaper pail.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
It is an odorless diaper pail that actually follows the &quot;Keep it simple&quot; principle.
All this defeats the purpose of having a "hands-free" diaper pail!
It's also quite attractive for a diaper pail (quite high tech and sanitary looking).
It is a fabulous diaper pail--great for cloth or disposable and no odors!
Early on, when your baby's diapers don't smell too bad, this diaper pail is great.
I love this diaper pail.
I have been using this diaper pail for 41/2 months now and just love it.
This is a great diaper pail, easy to use and keeps the odor in.
My childs clothing - including cloth diapers - are virtually stain free.I highly recommend this item.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
You put a dirty diaper in the hole, and flip the handle to dump the diaper into the champ.
BUT, when the diapers get bigger they get stuck very easily and very few fit even though this thing is much bigger than the diaper genie.
The ease of use factor is amazing, drop a dirty diaper in the hole, grab the handle, give it a flip, the plunger pushes the diaper down and it drops into the can with a little gravitic help.No wrenching, turning, fighting a cartridge bag system.Opening it for the first time was a little hard, but look at that from a child's point of view, a toddler is not going to get into it, and neither is a dog.
Maybe as baby grows into larger diapers it will be more like 2 - 3 times a week.Still, that's better than taking every dirty diaper (8 or more a day) outside to the garbage can, especially in a Minnesota winter.
The diaper genie is not odorless, but it does a much better job of keeping the room fresh smelling for a longer period before you have to empty it.
Also, if you don't keep the dirty wipes enclosed in the diaper, they get this thing all dirty and you have to clean it!
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
Just put the diaper in the hole and flip the handle over.
Very useful if you have a baby in your arms.If I have anything to do with it, I will NEVER use any other diaper pail again!
I originally put this item on my baby registry because friends of mine highly recommended the use of a diaper pail.
Also, making sure that the tape on the diapers is secure will prevent that from happening as well.2.
Also everytime you dispose your diaper it smells even when you are careful to put the poopy diapers in a plastic bag before disposing.
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
Nothing is nastier than digging toys out of a bag of soiled diapers!Also, if a diaper is very soiled, the hole for depositing the diaper can become smeared and then when you flip the diaper into the pail the weight further smears the poo and it is difficult to clean.I combine the Champ & Genie by using the Champ for wets and the genie for poo.
I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.
Hold your nose and get ready to run out of the room when you flip the handle, but with larger diapers you don't stand a chance of making it as they often get stuck.
I would highly recommend this diaper pail to anyone.
I recommend wiping it out with a disinfectant wipe each item as well as wiping down the part where you put the diapers into and flip.
The diaper champ is definitely easy to use and very convenient since you can use any bag.
I recommend Diaper Champ to anyone looking for a diaper pail that actually works.
One caution though, be careful with the tabs from the diapers.
(They even sent me extras should it happen again)I HIGHLY reccomend this diaper pail over ANY competitors, you will not be sorry!
Granted our 3-month old isn't producing really stinky diapers yet, but the Champ is much better than using a trash can.
If you need to get a diaper pail, I urge you to check out this item.
But regardless, I would suggest that this over any other diaper pail.
In fact, I am considering buying one for my church's nursery, after having to smell a pretty foul diaper from one of the other babies there.
Make sure the grip part of the diaper is not loose when placed in the DC.
When pulling out a full bag of diapers be sure to put your foot on the base to keep it from banging you in the shin as it falls backward.
I suppose we could buy a second one, but I don't think parents should have to buy a new "diaper pail" every six months or so for $29.99.The other minor disappointment with the Diaper Champ, as many others have mentioned, is the difficulty of opening it to empty.
It latches very tightly.My advice if you have already purchased this pail is to make sure that absolutely no "residue" whatsoever is outside of the diaper.
Plus with the Diaper Champ you can flip the handle and away goes the dirty diaper.
Now I travel quite a bit, but do not even try to take my diaper champ with me- I think that would be absurd.
For the home, diaper champ is great, and is simple because you use what you already have.
With the Diaper Champ, I can keep one hand on baby while disposing of the diaper with the other and best of all, no refills.
If you are conservation minded at all, you will appreciate that you can use any bag (including recycled ones) and it only uses one bag to hold a mess of diapers.
With two infants in diapers, every little bit helps!I gave only 4 stars because if you don't wrap up the diaper before using the Diaper Champ and the velcro tabs are hanging loose, they can become stuck in the shoot and you have to open the pail to free the diaper.I highly recommend the Diaper Champ as an inexpensive alternative to other diaper pails.
We loved it at first since it is so much easier to use than the diaper genie - you just drop the diaper in the slot and flip the handle.
Now her room reeks after every poopy diaper so we either have to empty this thing once or twice a day - which is very wasteful and inconvenient - or put up with the smell, which of course, we are not willing to do.
All you do to dispose of the diaper is flip the handle, no twisting, squishing, squeezing whatever required.
Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.
You put your diaper in flip the handle and thats it.
:)The only down-side, is that babysitters are so "diaper genieized" they pop off the side handle trying to do it the wrong way.
You also have to CLEAN THE THING, its a diaper pail, you have to scrub it once a month...
For those people who complain endlessly about the smell of dirty diapers emanating from the area around the Diaper Champ, I have one suggestion - take out the diapers more often.
Just one simple flip of the handle puts the diaper in.
I love the concept of a diaper champ, but somebody do something about the smell, please.
If you want to thwart an odor problem do the following:-Fold the diaper over and close it.-Remember to change the bags!!!
We have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.This product has been a life saver and I recommend it highly.
If you use cloth diapers the diaper Champ is a must have, forget the diaper Genie it's a hassle for cloth diapers.
And even if you already have a Genie, if your child is going to be in diapers for more than 6 more months, go out and get a Champ because you'll be saving money in the long run by not having to buy any more refill cartridges!
I could not imagine a diaper pail that would work better than this one.
It is easy to toss a diaper, wipes, etc in while you are changing so you don't have a mess on your changing table and then you can wait until you are through to turn the handle (which can be done easily with one hand).
I love that you can use regular trashbags instead of buying special ones just for the diaper pail.
*  ALWAYS make sure the diaper has made it all the way to the pail, or there will be backage.
great product, does what is supposed to do, and the best thing is that you don't need to buy refill bags (like Diaper Genie) you end up saving money that can go to diapers or formula...
It's also really easy to use, all you need is one hand to drop and dispose of the diaper.
And when you change the bag, the odor of the diapers remains, so you have to either wipe the pail down with Clorox or PineSol, and for added measure, spray it with Lysol.
If you don't stick the diaper tabs to the diaper properly, they get stuck on the unit.
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.
The bottom is wider than the top so the diapers fill up the wider spot at the bottom making it hard to pull the bag out of the top.
My advice is to make sure that you attach the tabs of the diaper back onto the diaper itself before stuffing it into the tube -- this helps avoid the snag.
You do need to tape your diaper into a bundle, otherwise the tape sticks to the cylinder and the diaper gets stuck.
It is so bad I am considering buying another diaper pail even though I will be potty traing soon.
It fits about 15-20 diapers.
The diaper champ is so easy and great because you can do it with one hand.
So, if you looking fo advice- like I did, the diaper champ is worth the money.
Yes, if you don't wrap up the poopy wipies in the dirty diaper, you will have to clean poop from the chute (just wrap it up).
Also, when you toss wipes in without sticking them in a diaper they get stuck and cause the flipping action not to work.
I do not recommend this diaper pail if your goal is to keep the room from stinking.
I buy cheap store-brand garbage bags and I am able to fill the diaper pail all the way and it still doesn't smell.
We do empty it at least twice a week, but our baby uses a lot of diapers.
Now we just put the diapers in regular grocery bags and throw them in the kitchen trash.
I'm now tempted to just get a basic 14 dollar diaper container and just dump them more often.
I absolutely love it -- My son is only three months old, so his diapers aren't as smelly as they will be once he starts on solid foods, I know, but he HAS already produced some truly potent samples from time to time!
And as for emptying it too often, I have never emptied ours more than once a week, and besides, would you REALLY want to leave old diapers sitting around any longer than a week??
So in the last few months, the smell becomes noticible in the room after only a few diapers have been added and the smell is really strong when you change bags.
Just watch as they try to figure how to throw away the diaper.
If I'm changing one of the kids diapers, my 2 or 3yr old can dispose of the dirty diaper while I put a clean one on my youngest.
The diaper is gone and the kids actually think it's fun to throw diapers away because they think it's magic how it disapears!!
We eventually threw it out when my daughter was about 16 months.This is a great diaper pail for younger babies but can be too smelly as they get older.
I am starting to potty train my son, but he still has mistakes in diapers, so this still gets use.
All with one hand, I can load the diaper, sprinkle some soda on it, and kiss it bye.
It reeks of retained vile diaper odor AND the stupid design makes it very difficult to replace the bag with 2 hands.
You can buy like 100 bags for the cost of one diaper genie refill.
My doctors office has one in the lobby as well for dirty diapers and you can't smell a thing.
You don't have to worry about if you twisted the top enough times, tying knots in the plastic liner before the diapers go everywhere, how to cut the plastic, spending "money" for refills, etc.
It is neat that you can use your own bags, but the concept of the bag sealing like the diaper genie when you put it in seems like it would work better.
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
Just throw your folded up diaper in the openning on the top and flip the handle the other way and its gone (one thought here that I should note...I have had to fish "Pink Bunny" out of the Diaper Champ a few times during nap time...so consider this too when easy to use is a factor in your purchace.
My baby is 1 month old now and we have been using the diaper champ since day 1.
One hand to drop the diaper in and then flip the handle.
It seems like we change diapers all the time and it holds so many!
I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.
In my opinion this is the best diaper pail out there.
Even the old pail hardly smelled bad to me, I think after you have changed diapers for 4 years, you get somewhat immune to it.
The Neat Diaper has an internal second chamber that you have to literally stuff the diaper into, which is a tight space, awkward (actually scraped skin off a knuckle), risks getting pooh on hands.
The Diaper Champ, in contrast, let's you simply drop the diaper into a shute which is atop the device, then flip knob, and, voila, it's gone - no awkward stuffing into internal chamber.
It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.
I changed to Gallon zip-locs, you can stuff a few diapers in a gallon zip loc and discard.
I knew with this child I was not going to use the diaper genie again.
It only holds about 10 newborn diapers before it becomes clogged and stops working.
This is just a fancy trashcan, because it smells bad once you put a dirty diaper in there!!
My only complaint is that when you flip the thing over to make it send the diaper into the bag, it can get caught, smearing the diaper's contents onto other parts of the pail (I know, ewww)if it isn't closed up tightly.All in all I like it and don't see any reason to buy another disposal system at this time.
But without that visual of knowing when it's full (for any of these diaper products really), it will undoubtedly be the full when you least want it to be.
Bottom line: diapers smell in anything you put them in.
I too wipe it and spray with Lysol because it is a storage unit for dirty diapers.
Believe me, we have had our share of poopy diapers (my daughter is 7 months old &amp; now on solids) and her room has never smelled!
Very cost efficient, and no stinky diapers in the trash!
I am reluctant to purchase a new diaper pail, but the hassle with this one is pushing me to it.
Our triplets just turned two and we are ready to buy diaper pail #3.
the diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink.
no complaints from me on this diaper pail.
The common complaint about the diapers catching is balogna ... when they don't go down, the pail is full and it is time to change the bag.
As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
The only odor was inside the actual diaper pail itself.
It's great to be able to use regular diaper bags and I never have any problems with smell.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
We have not had ANY odor problems with the champ.I chose this diaper pail because it seemed easy to use &amp; it didn't need proprietary bags.
I could live with a slight odor (after all it is a diaper pail), but not a blowout stinkfest.
Usually the odor is not really a problem if you change the bags frequently, but if you don't have a chance to change the bags just put a poopy diaper in a  plastic grocery bag before throwing it in the diaper champ.
It's hard to move the knobs let alone twist them.$40 for a used diaper champ... not worth it.
My son is a year now and eating solids, therefore those poo-poo diapers are getting really bad.
I empty it every other day so that his room doesn't have the odor of dirty diapers.
It was easy to set up and easy to use, just drop the diaper in the cylinder and flip the handle (make sure you wrap it tight to prevent it getting caught).
My son is in size 4 diapers and the Champ last a week without changing the bag or ANY smells!
This creates a tighter seal and helps to reduce odor.One thing, the diaper champ cover is damned hard to open.
If you want to do it with one hand, you'll need to step on the bottom of the champ first and then pull up hard.I have another baby on the way, but have already sold my diaper champ.
The diaper hangs from the cylinder mechanism and needs to be pulled through.
It holds a lot of diapers so it doesn't need to be changed every day.
The champ, the baby bjorn, fluerville diaper bag, and graco pack and play bassinet all vie for the best baby purchase.Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.UpdateI knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!!
BRILLIANT idea...didn't have to run up the stairs just to throw the diaper out.
My kids all love to watch the diapers disapear into the hole, they laugh at it every time.
Please, please consider this diaper pail, I garentee that you will love it, if you don't, they always have their return policy, but you will not need it with this product!
I want to start by saying that there isn't a diaper pail in existence that will keep smells out of your house 100%.
There's just something fascinating about the way the diaper "dissapears".
I don't think there is any magic solution for diapers except to take them outside.
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
I usually take the diapers out twice a week and it works wonderful.
We were so disapointed to find out that it does not hold a full laundry load of diapers and cloth wipes.
I spray with lysol when changing the bags (hello, diapers are stinky and this still will require cleaning).
It's cheaper then the diaper genie and you don't half to buy any special bags.
I think there is a seal that broke (maybe because my husband liked to try and force the diapers down and didn't make sure the sticky tabs on the diaper were secure so it would get jammed) and ever since you can smell even one diaper in it.
Sometimes you may have to shake it a little because of the way the diapers tend to pile on top of each other, but besides that, it is a wonderful product that lives up to its promise!
What a great diaper pail!
We found its easier to do, and more accurate if you open the system, and dispose of the diaper with two hands.
You would have to open it, shove a dirty diaper into a very small hole, close it... and than TURN a knob about 6 times for the diaper to make it to the base...CHANGING THE BAGS*  Remove the top off of the champ to access the bag*  Tie the bag closed, like a regular garbage bag*  Haul it to the OUTSIDE trash bin, preferably inside another bag to keep the animals away...*  Wash the container at least every other week, or spray it with a disinfectant, like Lysol or Oust.
We do change the bag about ever 3-4 days (keep in mind we have TWO TIMES the diapers) and wash it out frequently as well.
Cleaning the pail is a must, it does hold dirty diapers!We found that the best "diaper solution" is not to just let the pail do all the work (pretty much common sense if you ask me!)
I love this diaper pail.
If you just just toss the diapers into it, sure they could get stuck.
I've read all the reviews on all the major diaper pails, mainly because I'm dissatisfied with the Diaper Champ I own.
The diaper champ is very easy to use.
I've had the diaper champ for about 8 months.
Up until we started table food, it kept all of the diaper smell contained.
Despite my son's normally rancid diapers, I can't smell a thing!
I am so glad I did, I mean I for one do not find it the least bit pleasant to have to squish down a poopy diaper into a plastic bag with my hands (Diaper genie).
The larger diapers fit a little better, but the monthly cost of special Diaper Genie bags started adding up.With the birth of our second child, I refused to use the Diaper Genie.
We replaced it with the NEW Diaper Genie and we have NO more odors (even after 6 or 7 dirty diapers), so we know that it was the pail!
I am constantly telling them not to put their hand into the hole the dirty diapers go in - Just gross since the diapers directly touch this area with no liner!2.
Besides myself, my husband and mother found the Diaper Genie very frustrating to use, changing the bags required quite a bit of time and energy, all the while smelling the stinky diaper smell.
I use scented bags in the diaper pail, I have a deoderizer stuck on the inside of the pail, and I have an odor neutralizer on the outside of the pail.
It's better for the environment than other disposable diaper systems and it really doesn't smell!
The reason I gave it two stars is the ease of use with the Champ is superior....but I simply CANT LIVE with the stinky smell of diapers!
We'd come home and every time, they'd gotten in wrong and used the cutter tool on top and cut the diaper bag like they were changing it when they just needed to put the diaper in.
It also holds a lot of diapers.
Let's face it - diapers stink.
We read the reviews for the Diaper Champ and thought we would give it a try.We saw that some of the problems were that poopy diapers could be messy and that sometimes the smell leaks through.
They're great for disposing of diapers when you're out, they're great to clean up messes in the car, and THEY'RE GREAT WITH THE DIAPER CHAMP!
The little individual bags are super cheap and great for other things but if you don't have them, the poopy diapers can be a bit messy for this product.
You cannot smell diapers-unless of course you don't change it or clean out.
You can also use any trash bags you already have around the house, which is why we purchased this particular diaper pail.
I've even had other Moms tell me that they can't smell dirty diapers in my house, even with 2 kids producing them.
No matter how often you change the bag and clean the thing, the diaper champ emits the odor of the smelly diaper into the room.
We have ours in our bedroom and we do not have any diaper smell whatsoever!
As my son has grown and his cloth diapers have gotten bigger, it is sometimes a challenge to stuff the diaper and cover into the cylinder so that it can turn without forcing.
As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.
It's good only for wet diapers not DIRTY DIAPERS!
I am the owner of a used baby store in NJ, (I have a champ there too) and this is one of my hottest items, I have several diaper genies there that just do not sell.You will not be sorry you brought the Diaper Champ.
AND you can use regular trash bags & dispose of the diaper with one hand!
If you are nursing exclusively then the diapers aren't so bad to begin with and it does a great job of containing the smell.
Not only are the diapers the ultimate in smelly, but they are quite a bit larger than the newborn ones.
Reuse those plastic grocery bags for dirty diapers.
As it gets full it will smell a little but what diaper pail with human waste would not smell as it fills up.
My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.
First, because of the fact that the diapers are not sealed into little "sausages"  like the Diaper Genie, the Champ can produce quite a smell.
and overall, I'm happy with the diaper champ.
I just don't know that you can really expect "odor-free" from any diaper pail.That said, we've been satisfied enough with this pail, but then just yesterday the foam lining on the top came out.
It holds more diapers too.
Like, we dump solids into the toilet (also introduces some potty concepts) before disposing of the diaper.
As a first-time mom, I got the great idea that cloth would be better, and this was the only diaper disposal that advertised compatibility with cloth diapers.
It entices my older son to help me b/c he loves to put the diaper in and turn the handle.
It is important to really fold in the sticky tabs on the diapers, or they will become stuck in the works and jam up the whole mechanism.Otherwise, it's great!
I just roll the diapers up, put them in the hole and flip the handle.One big benefit over the DG, is that I purchased a roll of scented 8 gallon bags for about $3 before the baby and I still haven't used all the bags - my daughter will be 11 months soon!
There is sometimes a smell when you empty it, because you are pulling out a trash bag with smelly diapers in it.
The design of the Genie also resolves the need to tightly close the diaper, and the problem of the wipes soiling the side walls of the Champs's chamber.Yes, you have to buy the cartridges, but stock up when there is a sale, and the extra money isn't such a big deal.Take it from someone who has had both, buy the Diaper Genie.
I have a 1 year old and the bigger the baby, the bigger the diapers.
We've been using our Diaper Champ for over a year now, & though some stink escapes with the occasional "real dirty" diaper, it does control odor very well.
I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.
You can use any type of trash bag with this versus the diaper genie where you have to purchase their expensive bags.
My third gripe is that small parts of the diaper will often get caught in the sealing mechanism, causing it to stick.
It does start to smell when there are poopy diapers in it, but I can't imagine that any product could completely eliminate poopy diaper odor!!
and currently our daughter is still in with us in the bedroom, so that means the diaper pail is as well.
I love this diaper pail so much!!
I got the Neat diaper disposal system first but gave it up pretty quickly since you have to squish your dirty diaper through a small slot & believe me you never wanna sqeeze a diaper into anything EVER!
I think this is b/c we do not use it as much, and diapers sit in it longer.
And use an antibacterial wipe out the chute about once a week.To contain smell and mess, we make sure that each diaper is securely closed before placing the diaper inside.
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
Every time you have to buy refills, it is almost as expensive as buying a new diaper pail.
Yes, it can be a bit tricky to open (I found using two hands works best) but then again do I want something that is holding wet and otherwise dirty diapers to open easily?
Wouldn't b/c sticker on diaper tag traps in the weight thingy that pushes diaper down.
Also as baby grows and diaper gets bigger you need to manually push it down, and that smell thing.
*A helpful hint* use any odor shield trash bag and you really will not have to worry about those smelly diapers!
I have 2 dogs and was a little worried about diapers being in garbage cans so after reading many reviews, got the Camp and wouldn't live without it.I have no odors from the champ, nor do I find that it gets dirty.
Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.
Park this thing right next to the changing table, and just drop the diaper in as you go.
I also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.I have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or I would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.So why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.
The diaper champ is super easy to use and very cost effective.
But diapers with pee only do not smell at all.
This is also not sanitary, as placing the diapers inside the hole sometimes causes 'stuff' to wipe off on the inside.
Older son also pulls this over way more than he ever did with the Genie, and unfortunately, once he figured how the handle flips over, he puts things down inside the hole and flips the handle, so a few of his smaller toys have ended up down in the bag with the diapers.
I will use it with infant diapers only.
We went through 2 diaper genies in less than a week before we said forget it and bought this 4 months ago.
It is so easy to use, never smells (so far) and I love that you can use your own garbage bags and do not have to purchase special bags to use with this diaper pail!
I understand that diet directly affects the odor of the diapers but since we use the babies room as a spare bedroom, it was VERY important to me that the smell stay contained.
If you "package" the diapers with the fasteners before putting them into the pail you will be able to fit more, plus it also helps with odor control.
This may look fancy, but does not control soiled diapers odors, only wet diapers odors.
It is so much easier to use than the diaper genie and the other brands.
After reading several reviews on diaper pails, I decided to try the Diaper Champ.
It makes chaging a diaper so much easier.
NOTE: To help cut down on the smell, take the diaper and wrap it up using the tabs!
Easy to operate to release and discard soiled diapers.
I'm also happy with the amount of diapers that it holds.
The diaper champ is simple to use and no smells.
And it does an excellent job of keeping the odor contained, which the diaper genie never did!
We did have a problem with one of them in that the lining that makes it airtight is starting to come loose, but my husband said that the velcro from the diaper got stuck on it.
I am so glad I chose it over the diaper genie.
Because it's a little taller and doesn't have sausage links (by the way, that's a really negative when it comes time to empty), it holds more diapers.
Otherwise, I think I would pass out from changing the bags after the diapers have been 'brewing' in the pail for over a week.
I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.
I originally had the wide open diaper genie but they stopped making the wide open liners for that model so I decided to try something new.
We change the bag quite frequently because it is after all a diaper pail.
Definitely recommend it to all who are looking for an easy to use cost efficent diaper pail.
It is very easy to drop the diaper in.
I've already had several diaper tabs catch and stick to the &quot;chute&quot; mechanism, thus having to open the lid and unstick the diaper - thankfully, these were not messy ones.Lastly, the &quot;chute&quot; design itself, while a good intention overall, to help &quot;push&quot; the disposed diaper into the bin, I am finding that after about 6-8 diapers are in the bin, unless I physically shake the whole bin to distribute what's already in there, they just pile up one on top of another and then the &quot;chute&quot; doesn't go down all the way when it's flipped over to dispose of the most recent diaper in the &quot;chute&quot;.
It is also difficult to turn unless the diaper is smashed down as far as it can go in the cylinder.Do not waste your money on the New Diaper Champ.
Put the diaper in, flip the handle and the poop-filled Huggie and the smell with it, simply disappear.
It is very easy to remove stucked diaper.You should never rely on these things to keep the smell inside.
You will never see your diaper champ getting dirty, and stinky.
1) Each diaper is contained in its own litte pouch via the Genie's twisting mechanism.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
It is an odorless diaper pail that actually follows the &quot;Keep it simple&quot; principle.
Since we are new parents, we'd sometimes make a mess trying to toss a dirty diaper in, but it's SO easy to clean.
All this defeats the purpose of having a "hands-free" diaper pail!
It holds several days worth of smaller diapers.
Perhaps a larger size should be made for larger diapers, though holding too many might defeat the purpose.
We actually still keep both around - and use the Diaper Genie for the bad diapers and for the quicky changes we use the Diaper Champ.
They are a pain to dispose of in the diaper genie, and besides they take up valuable plastic wrap - better used for the diapers themselves.Some other review talked about the lack of the champ to keep the smell down - this might be true, but no matter what product you use, there's always a hint of smell anyway.
I go out of my way to bring smelly diapers to the champ instead of walking them outside to the trash bin.
I dont find it to be a hassle having to do this as i always did this before i had the diaper champ.
It's also quite attractive for a diaper pail (quite high tech and sanitary looking).
I am reading the mixed reviews on this product and wanted to give my two cents...No, this product does not totally lock in the smell of dirty diapers.
That stuff needs to go through the sewage system, not be locked up underground in a diaper that will take forever to biodegrade.
(If you peek around the latch, you can see that there is open circulation into the diaper bag where odors flow freely).
At that point I either change the bag, or if I want to get a few more diapers in before I change it, I just gently bounce the pail up and down a few times and I am able to get more diapers inside.
It is a fabulous diaper pail--great for cloth or disposable and no odors!
We always tightly wrap our diapers and I even tried washing it frequently but after about 3 or 4 days the stench comes right back and now I'm at a point where it's just taking too much time and effort to maintain.
I purchased 2 different pails (the other being a lousy product from Fisher Price), one for cloth and one for disposable diapers.
By trash day the pail is full, easily indicated by having to push the plunger down manually because the other dirty diapers are close to the top.
The plunger can make a loud 'thud' if you turn the handle quickly so at night I just leave the diaper sitting on top until baby is awake, or turn it really slowly.
Early on, when your baby's diapers don't smell too bad, this diaper pail is great.
Sometimes diapers or wipes get stuck in the push-down mechanism, which I don't like.
I thought about getting the Diaper Genie, but I didn't like the idea of having to buy expensive bags or using so much effort to dispose of the diaper.
Our baby is 2 months old now and we have not noticed any odor coming from the diaper champ.-- easy to clean.
i chose this over the diaper genie because i didn't want to keep pouring money into it for specific bags.
I love this diaper pail.
I have been using this diaper pail for 41/2 months now and just love it.
My son is still exclusively breastfed, so I don't know if the Diaper Champ will continue doing such a great job once he is on solids, but so far, it has been great; even in the VERY hot weather it has contained all diaper odors!
Also, be sure not to try to stuff too many more diapers in once the Champ is full -- you could break the "piston" as my over-zealous husband did with our first Champ.
It claims to keep the smell of dirty diapers in.
This is a great diaper pail, easy to use and keeps the odor in.
We are also VERY careful to be sure any dirty diapers are sealed (by the tape) with the wipes wrapped up inside, so that nothing gets on the part of the pail where you drop the diaper in.
This thing is great to just put diaper in and flip and no special bags.
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
I decided to get this diaper disposal system instead of all of the others for one simple fact: NO REFILLS NEEDED!
The cylinder continually got stuck, and diapers would often get stuck in the cylinder.
Once a week take a couple Clorox wipes and wipe inside the hole where you put the dirty diaper, to clean any yucky leftover residue, flip the handle and do the other side, then wipe down the handle.5.
!Now if you leave a bag full of stinky diapers in there for a week, then you're not using your brain.
With our first child we registered for and received the diaper genie.
But without that visual of knowing when it's full (for any of these diaper products really), it will undoubtedly be the full when you least want it to be.
I highly recommend thisproduct.
I highly reccomend this product to all moms!!
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
I highly recommend this product.
I've read the bad reviews about the smell factor, but I still recommend this product.
I have recommended this product to several friends who also love it.
I highly recommend this product!
Otherwise, you'll notice the smell for sure...as you're digging through the trash bag to recover said object.Outstanding product.
Do not listen to the other reviews on this webpage - this product makes the entire nursery smell!
Love this product, and would highly recommend it to any parents-to-be.
Having raw sewage sitting in your house will never smell good, so matter what product you use to try and cover it up -
I highly recommend this product.
We have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.This product has been a life saver and I recommend it highly.
great product, does what is supposed to do, and the best thing is that you don't need to buy refill bags (like Diaper Genie) you end up saving money that can go to diapers or formula...
I highly recommend this product to all mommies - It's the best!!
You do need to disenfect it when you change the bag, but I would recommend that with any product that is a holding tank for feces (you have to disinfect your toilets, too).I have recommended the Diaper Champ over the genie to every one of my friends.
I am very ver disappointed with the product.
But without that visual of knowing when it's full (for any of these diaper products really), it will undoubtedly be the full when you least want it to be.
Hopefully, we can get another one for the new baby and maintain it properly from the beginning!This is a great product that really works.
This product is easy to use and the bags aren't hard to change.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
This is a wonderful product.
The champ, the baby bjorn, fluerville diaper bag, and graco pack and play bassinet all vie for the best baby purchase.Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.UpdateI knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!!
Please, please consider this diaper pail, I garentee that you will love it, if you don't, they always have their return policy, but you will not need it with this product!
This product is wonderful... Let's face it- as cute as they are babies are smelly.
Sometimes you may have to shake it a little because of the way the diapers tend to pile on top of each other, but besides that, it is a wonderful product that lives up to its promise!
This is a great product.
The little individual bags are super cheap and great for other things but if you don't have them, the poopy diapers can be a bit messy for this product.
I can't say enough about this product.
I wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
It sounds like from the reviews that some people get "good" versions of this product, and others, like us, get a lemon from the get-go.
It is not odorless, it is hard to change, and not the greatest product ever.
I registered for this product after reading the reviews, and I have to say I was very disappointed.
This product does not work for the following reasons:1.
You can use regular supermarket plastic bags in it, it's so easy to empty, and I haven't had any problems with smells from this product.
I highly recommend this product!
It does start to smell when there are poopy diapers in it, but I can't imagine that any product could completely eliminate poopy diaper odor!!
I don't normally review products but I felt so strongly about this one that I had to.
If you really want to save money, but still get a quality product, buy the Diaper Champ.I had a friend recommend it to me, and another friend recommend the Diaper Dekor.
I just read the great reviews about this product and am very surprised to hear people don't have problem with the smell.
I think the stink still exists, but other than that it is a decent product.Good luck.
I also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.I have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or I would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.So why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.
Great product!
This is one heck of a product.
I cannot believe that anyone has had good luck with this product.
They are a pain to dispose of in the diaper genie, and besides they take up valuable plastic wrap - better used for the diapers themselves.Some other review talked about the lack of the champ to keep the smell down - this might be true, but no matter what product you use, there's always a hint of smell anyway.
I am reading the mixed reviews on this product and wanted to give my two cents...No, this product does not totally lock in the smell of dirty diapers.
And thelist goes on.This product is a bit pricey then the rest, but it'sworth every penny.
I don't know how this product would hold up to either of these situations.
I have no complaints about this product- it works great for me!
I purchased 2 different pails (the other being a lousy product from Fisher Price), one for cloth and one for disposable diapers.
If I see a stain or smear of something, I just use a baby wipe to clean it off.Chances are if you smell something, it's because it's full or dirty and there is no product out there that works well when it exceeds it's capacity or isn't taken care of.
I do remember some odor associated with this product but as I recall those were the times it was getting pretty full!
Overall, we were satisfied with the product and feel it is worth the money.
I have advised all of my friends of this product.
While it is better than the Genie, I found this product to be a disappointment.
It reeks of retained vile diaper odor AND the stupid design makes it very difficult to replace the bag with 2 hands.
It does start to smell when there are poopy diapers in it, but I can't imagine that any product could completely eliminate poopy diaper odor!!
My son is still exclusively breastfed, so I don't know if the Diaper Champ will continue doing such a great job once he is on solids, but so far, it has been great; even in the VERY hot weather it has contained all diaper odors!
It's great to be able to use regular diaper bags and I never have any problems with smell.
This may look fancy, but does not control soiled diapers odors, only wet diapers odors.
Yes if you leave the pail open for long periods of time there might be an odor but this is easily fixable by placing an odor disc, like you put in vacum bags, in the current trashbag.
No hint of an odor, even when you are putting another dipaer in.
The diaper genie is not odorless, but it does a much better job of keeping the room fresh smelling for a longer period before you have to empty it.
This thing is awesome and I highly recommended it to all!If you want an odor free room for your baby go with the Diaper Champ for sure!
When you change the bag, get in there with some Lysol spray and eliminate the germs and the residual odor (hello, if you didn't flush the toilet for a week it would stink, too - try changing the bag before it's overflowing!
This is cheaper than the genie for one, and works just as well in terms of trapping odor.
:)  I love the Diaper Champ - you can operate it with one hand (allowing you a free hand to hold down a squirming baby on the changing table), no special bags to purchase, and odor-free if you stay on top of changing the bag and spraying with Lysol every few bag changes.
If you want to thwart an odor problem do the following:-Fold the diaper over and close it.-Remember to change the bags!!!
We have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.This product has been a life saver and I recommend it highly.
When you do change the bag spray with Lysol, and add a stick on deodorizer, or a car air freshener.
And when you change the bag, the odor of the diapers remains, so you have to either wipe the pail down with Clorox or PineSol, and for added measure, spray it with Lysol.
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
It reeks of retained vile diaper odor AND the stupid design makes it very difficult to replace the bag with 2 hands.
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
since it really keeps the odor inside the pail, can be a little loud as it slides down into the pail, especially in the quiet hours in the middle of the night when you're trying to get baby back to sleep.
The genie because a problem with refills and odors.
I have never had a problem with odor, and it is truely one hand operable, as well as taking less than a second to operate.
No odor and it is very easy to use and change.
As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
The only odor was inside the actual diaper pail itself.
It is easy to use and I never smell any odor coming from it.
We have not had ANY odor problems with the champ.I chose this diaper pail because it seemed easy to use &amp; it didn't need proprietary bags.
Since he started eating solids his poop does smell much stronger, but the champ is a pro at keeping odor at bay.
I could live with a slight odor (after all it is a diaper pail), but not a blowout stinkfest.
Usually the odor is not really a problem if you change the bags frequently, but if you don't have a chance to change the bags just put a poopy diaper in a  plastic grocery bag before throwing it in the diaper champ.
I empty it every other day so that his room doesn't have the odor of dirty diapers.
It contains the odor with no problem.
This creates a tighter seal and helps to reduce odor.One thing, the diaper champ cover is damned hard to open.
Bottom line-- bad odors-- and we tried two of these to make sure.
I have also heard that some people put kitty litter at the bottom of the bag to help eliminate some of the odors, but I haven't had to try this yet.
It is so easy to operate, doesn't smell (with Diaper Genie you get a malodorous whiff every time you open the lid!)
No smelly odors!
I had the Diaper Genie and it didn't keep odors out.
Plus, there is no odor, even when it is full!
at least once a week)  there is no odor!!!
It does a great job blocking odors and best of all, is compatible with ANY plastic bag.
We replaced it with the NEW Diaper Genie and we have NO more odors (even after 6 or 7 dirty diapers), so we know that it was the pail!
My SIL changes her bag every 2/3 days and she has no problems with odor!
I use scented bags in the diaper pail, I have a deoderizer stuck on the inside of the pail, and I have an odor neutralizer on the outside of the pail.
No special bags to purchase, no odors, not too bulky.
No matter how often you change the bag and clean the thing, the diaper champ emits the odor of the smelly diaper into the room.
As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.
My baby is only 5 months old, but it seems to keep odor in great so far.
I have never noticed any odor that I've noticed with other pails.
Keeping with that practice, I haven't had a problem with bad odors.Secondly, its economical--its not expensive to buy, and its not expensive to maintain.
It is not odorless, it is hard to change, and not the greatest product ever.
It is simpler to use than others that I have tried, and it is odor-free.
I just don't know that you can really expect "odor-free" from any diaper pail.That said, we've been satisfied enough with this pail, but then just yesterday the foam lining on the top came out.
I have a 3 week old and have got the genie upstairs and the champ downstairs - both hold off our odors, but the champ is MUCH easier and quicker and quieter to use!
It's still odorless, and I hope it stays that way.
We've been using our Diaper Champ for over a year now, & though some stink escapes with the occasional "real dirty" diaper, it does control odor very well.
For me, the only time I experience an odor is when I change the bags.
I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.
But I've noticed in other friends' homes that are using the Genie, the Genie is much less effective at locking in the odor.
I read the other reviews and have not had the odor problem that others have.
It does start to smell when there are poopy diapers in it, but I can't imagine that any product could completely eliminate poopy diaper odor!!
The insert needs to be pushed all the way down for no odor to leak back.
Besides, from the reviews and friends' comments, they do not eliminate odors completely either.
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
I have had the Diaper Champ for 16 months now, and think it is pretty cost effective, compare to the Diaper Genie, but frankly I am considering buying something else, cause it really does not keep the odors in.
*A helpful hint* use any odor shield trash bag and you really will not have to worry about those smelly diapers!
I have 2 dogs and was a little worried about diapers being in garbage cans so after reading many reviews, got the Camp and wouldn't live without it.I have no odors from the champ, nor do I find that it gets dirty.
I also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.I have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or I would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.So why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.
It works like advertised and keeps the odors at bay.
I have since borrowed a Diaper Genie and have seen a HUGE improvement in odor control.
I understand that diet directly affects the odor of the diapers but since we use the babies room as a spare bedroom, it was VERY important to me that the smell stay contained.
If you "package" the diapers with the fasteners before putting them into the pail you will be able to fit more, plus it also helps with odor control.
We didn't even think about buying the Diaper Genie because we thought the idea of buying special bags and odor discs was ridiculous.
This may look fancy, but does not control soiled diapers odors, only wet diapers odors.
First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
And it does an excellent job of keeping the odor contained, which the diaper genie never did!
I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.
:)  But while it is closed, the odors are contained.
We purchased a convenient, odor-containing pail for a reasonable price and we don't have to purchase expensive refills.
I have had no trouble with odors so far.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
Also putting odor protectant bags helps with the smell too.
It is an odorless diaper pail that actually follows the &quot;Keep it simple&quot; principle.
I just Lysol the bin each time I change the bag and it stays clean and odor free!!
No odor, easy to use, and large enough where I don't have to replace the bag every 3 days, like I did with the Dekor.
(Now that my baby is older and stinkier, I notice a faint smell if I stand right over it, but I just sprinkle some baking soda in the bag, or you could but a couple charcoal brickettes in the bottom, or any other of the 101 odor absorbing remedies out there.
However, it isn't as odorless as we had hoped, especially when it gets to be nearly full.
But absolutely never an odor problem.
After they start to pile up in there, you do start to get an odor.
(If you peek around the latch, you can see that there is open circulation into the diaper bag where odors flow freely).
My only complaint is that after 15 months of use, mine does not hold the odor as well.
It does contain most of the odors but not all.
Anything that houses human waste will only go so long before an odor kicks in.
It is a fabulous diaper pail--great for cloth or disposable and no odors!
Our baby is 2 months old now and we have not noticed any odor coming from the diaper champ.-- easy to clean.
we have been using cloths since then (she is 4 mo) and there is no odor problem.
My son is still exclusively breastfed, so I don't know if the Diaper Champ will continue doing such a great job once he is on solids, but so far, it has been great; even in the VERY hot weather it has contained all diaper odors!
I do remember some odor associated with this product but as I recall those were the times it was getting pretty full!
While some my complain that it's not &quot;odor-proof&quot;, you do need to empty it at least once a week, but why wouldn't you.
This is a great diaper pail, easy to use and keeps the odor in.
I was a little skeptical because of its simple design, but it really is so easy to use and I haven't noticed any odors since we've been using it.
We have the air freshner that goes with it, a second air freshner and odor guard bags and it still stinks!
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
BUT, when the diapers get bigger they get stuck very easily and very few fit even though this thing is much bigger than the diaper genie.
The diaper genie is not odorless, but it does a much better job of keeping the room fresh smelling for a longer period before you have to empty it.
We loved it at first since it is so much easier to use than the diaper genie - you just drop the diaper in the slot and flip the handle.
:)The only down-side, is that babysitters are so "diaper genieized" they pop off the side handle trying to do it the wrong way.
You can buy like 100 bags for the cost of one diaper genie refill.
It is neat that you can use your own bags, but the concept of the bag sealing like the diaper genie when you put it in seems like it would work better.
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
I knew with this child I was not going to use the diaper genie again.
The champ, the baby bjorn, fluerville diaper bag, and graco pack and play bassinet all vie for the best baby purchase.Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.UpdateI knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!!
It's cheaper then the diaper genie and you don't half to buy any special bags.
I am the owner of a used baby store in NJ, (I have a champ there too) and this is one of my hottest items, I have several diaper genies there that just do not sell.You will not be sorry you brought the Diaper Champ.
You can use any type of trash bag with this versus the diaper genie where you have to purchase their expensive bags.
We went through 2 diaper genies in less than a week before we said forget it and bought this 4 months ago.
It is so much easier to use than the diaper genie and the other brands.
And it does an excellent job of keeping the odor contained, which the diaper genie never did!
I am so glad I chose it over the diaper genie.
I originally had the wide open diaper genie but they stopped making the wide open liners for that model so I decided to try something new.
They are a pain to dispose of in the diaper genie, and besides they take up valuable plastic wrap - better used for the diapers themselves.Some other review talked about the lack of the champ to keep the smell down - this might be true, but no matter what product you use, there's always a hint of smell anyway.
i chose this over the diaper genie because i didn't want to keep pouring money into it for specific bags.
With our first child we registered for and received the diaper genie.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
I've even had other Moms tell me that they can't smell dirty diapers in my house, even with 2 kids producing them.
Also as baby grows and diaper gets bigger you need to manually push it down, and that smell thing.
Yes if you leave the pail open for long periods of time there might be an odor but this is easily fixable by placing an odor disc, like you put in vacum bags, in the current trashbag.
Do they even sell their proprietary bags in the regular grocery store, or would I have to make a special trip to babiesRus to get refills?
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
Plus, you can use any standard garbage bags.
Like another reviewer, I too use Lemon Scented garbage bags, but that really only makes a difference once you have tied up the bag and put it with the rest of the garbage to go out.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
:)  I love the Diaper Champ - you can operate it with one hand (allowing you a free hand to hold down a squirming baby on the changing table), no special bags to purchase, and odor-free if you stay on top of changing the bag and spraying with Lysol every few bag changes.
If you want to thwart an odor problem do the following:-Fold the diaper over and close it.-Remember to change the bags!!!
I love that you can use regular trashbags instead of buying special ones just for the diaper pail.
****Keep in mind you should have a ready supply of bags at your baby's changing station**** This also acts like the genies sauseges, you wrap the stinky ones individually.
great product, does what is supposed to do, and the best thing is that you don't need to buy refill bags (like Diaper Genie) you end up saving money that can go to diapers or formula...
* What's not to like -- you use you're own bags.
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
Now that I have used it for 16 months, here is why I still love it and recommend it to all1) No special bags to buy!!
I buy cheap store-brand garbage bags and I am able to fill the diaper pail all the way and it still doesn't smell.
Now we just put the diapers in regular grocery bags and throw them in the kitchen trash.
It takes the plastic grocery store bags that everyone has too many of.
I buy the cheap storebrand kitchen trash bags from my supermarket, which come in a package of 15 or 20 for less than $2, and lasts me MONTHS!
The greatest part to us, was that you could use oversized plastic shopping bags, etc and we just keep emptying and reusing the same bag over and over.
It's very convenient that you don't have to buy special (expensive) replacement bags for it and can use any type of kitchen trash bag.
So in the last few months, the smell becomes noticible in the room after only a few diapers have been added and the smell is really strong when you change bags.
It's much less expensive in the long run, since you don't have to buy special bags for it.
You can buy like 100 bags for the cost of one diaper genie refill.
We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
The best part is that we were able to use regular trash bags.
It is neat that you can use your own bags, but the concept of the bag sealing like the diaper genie when you put it in seems like it would work better.
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
We change bags twice a week (I'm sure as our boy gets older, it will have to be more frequent!).
It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.
A big plus is that we can use regular garbage bags and we do not have to worry about getting to a store to buy special bags and wasting that money.
The added convienance of using standard trash bags is a major and inexpensive bonus!
As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
I actually bought it seoncd hand and still I have not problems with scents.The great thing about it is that you can use regular garbage bags.
You dont need to purchase expensive bags for it to be effective so even if you pay more up front.
This product is easy to use and the bags aren't hard to change.
It's great to be able to use regular diaper bags and I never have any problems with smell.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
We have not had ANY odor problems with the champ.I chose this diaper pail because it seemed easy to use &amp; it didn't need proprietary bags.
Usually the odor is not really a problem if you change the bags frequently, but if you don't have a chance to change the bags just put a poopy diaper in a  plastic grocery bag before throwing it in the diaper champ.
The Diaper Champ seemed like the perfect answer to the alternative with no special bags to buy & easy disposal (no twisting), and it was - for awhile.
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
I spray with lysol when changing the bags (hello, diapers are stinky and this still will require cleaning).
It's cheaper then the diaper genie and you don't half to buy any special bags.
I like the fact that you can use your own bags, but it's no longer any more effective than just a regular trash can sitting in his room with the lid up.
No annoying refill bags (expensive; and am I the only one who fears realizing I'm out of refills at a critical moment?)
I do change the bags often...which is very cost effective since I use old shopping bags.
The larger diapers fit a little better, but the monthly cost of special Diaper Genie bags started adding up.With the birth of our second child, I refused to use the Diaper Genie.
As baby gets older, you have to change more frequently - which is OK since you can use your own bags.
I love that you can use regular kitchen-size trash bags and don't need to purchase any special expensive bags.
Besides myself, my husband and mother found the Diaper Genie very frustrating to use, changing the bags required quite a bit of time and energy, all the while smelling the stinky diaper smell.
maybe it's not big enough), and when you change bags you do get a whiff of bad smell, but the smelly time is very short in comparison.
I use scented bags in the diaper pail, I have a deoderizer stuck on the inside of the pail, and I have an odor neutralizer on the outside of the pail.
Oh, it does work at keeping the smells out, also uses garbage bags which is great, but if you look closely, the top is actually narrower than the bottom.
!1 The best part about it is it uses REGULAR kitchen bags.
No special bags to purchase, no odors, not too bulky.
On another positive note it is very easy to use and change bags.
No special bags.
The little individual bags are super cheap and great for other things but if you don't have them, the poopy diapers can be a bit messy for this product.
You can also use any trash bags you already have around the house, which is why we purchased this particular diaper pail.
We're spending more on trash bags then we would on Diaper Genie bags.
I finally took it out of my baby's room because it was almost toxic and would blow you away when you walked in the room, no matter how often I changed the bags.
As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.
I wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
AND you can use regular trash bags & dispose of the diaper with one hand!
The fact that I use the same bags for my kitchen as I do the champ makes it that much easier.
Reuse those plastic grocery bags for dirty diapers.
Opening the pail to empty the bag is a little difficult, but it's better than having to buy special bags for it.
My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.
It is very nice to be able to used regular kitchen sized trash bags.
I would not recommend wasting money on the types that require special bags.
You can use regular trash bags which helps reduce the cost of expensive specialty bags.
It does not smell, and it holds any garbage bags.
Just use grocery bags/department store bags and empty it every 2-3 days.
I mean aprox 200-250 bags a year is only six bucks!
I just roll the diapers up, put them in the hole and flip the handle.One big benefit over the DG, is that I purchased a roll of scented 8 gallon bags for about $3 before the baby and I still haven't used all the bags - my daughter will be 11 months soon!
I use the plastic bags from the grocery store.
The only good thing (and I mean the only), was that it took regular trash bags.
You can use regular supermarket plastic bags in it, it's so easy to empty, and I haven't had any problems with smells from this product.
For me, the only time I experience an odor is when I change the bags.
I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.
A roll of 1000 bags cost me about $6 or $7 (which is about what one refill costs for the Genie).
I went out and bought the Diaper Champ, it uses regular kitchen bags (hint: buy the powder scented kitchen bags) its so great you never have to open a lid and have that terrible smell hit you.
You can use any type of trash bag with this versus the diaper genie where you have to purchase their expensive bags.
We preferred this model over the newer model.Its easy to use and doesn't need any special bags.We change the trash bag in the Diaper Champ once, maybe twice a week.
Love the fact this pail can use regular garbage bags.
Bottom line: Using regular bags saves big time $$$.
The Diaper Champ is also very easy to use and easy to change bags.
Especially no special bags to buy.
Not only do you not have to buy special bags, the ease of use is phenomenal.
To make sure there is no smell eminating from it, we put a box of Arm & Hammer in the bottom and use scented garbage bags- and there is NO BAD SMELL AT ALL!
And you don't need top of the line bags, just get some scented off-brand bags (I got 30 for $3), and you should be all set.
We've never had a problem with smell, or operation, and love that we can use the bags we choose and not be tied down to brand-specific refill bags.
However, for the previous 13 months-this is what I encountered -PROS - Using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
It is so easy to use, never smells (so far) and I love that you can use your own garbage bags and do not have to purchase special bags to use with this diaper pail!
We didn't even think about buying the Diaper Genie because we thought the idea of buying special bags and odor discs was ridiculous.
We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!
It is SO easy to use (even those unsaavy in the technology of modern parenting can figure the thing out...so grandpa and grandma can babysit, no problem) and the bags are a breeze to change.
The Diaper Champ is the best we found!There are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
It takes regular trash bags.
You don't have to purchase extra materials for the Diaper Champ, you can use your own trash bags.
Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
When you're changing the bags on the champ, it can be messy, depending on how long you waited to change the bag, but with the Decor, you just open the front door and knot the bag even if it's full to the brim--so much easier.
I will say that I use the Glad Odor Guard bags (still cheaper than the Genie refills) and empty in my garage instead of the babies room.
Otherwise, I think I would pass out from changing the bags after the diapers have been 'brewing' in the pail for over a week.
I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.
They are cheaper than using the Diaper Genie bags and the tall kitchen bags that go in the Diaper Champ; and much cheaper than those little blue baggie things.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
I use scented trash bags and spray it out with Lysol after each changing and it has yet to smell.
Also putting odor protectant bags helps with the smell too.
If you're like me, you probably have tons of grocery bags laying around.
We like to use drawstring garbage bags, which makes it easier to close up the nasty mess before toting it right out to the outside garbage can.For twins and other multiples, the Champ beats the Genie hands down because of its volume and its use of inexpensive regular garbage can liners.
You can use regular bags instead of special ones.
The champ is easy to use (just drop in and flip), we have NO smells, and you can use regular trash bags.
You don't have to keep buying specific bags for it.
The chute doesn't go down all the way if you let the bag get too full- it's kind of your signal to change bags.
I love that I don't have to buy expensive bags, I actually use the cheapest bags I can find.
I thought about getting the Diaper Genie, but I didn't like the idea of having to buy expensive bags or using so much effort to dispose of the diaper.
i chose this over the diaper genie because i didn't want to keep pouring money into it for specific bags.
I didn't want to have to buy special bags which are more expensive and just one more thing you can run out of.
Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
It's a cinch to change the bags.
It doesn't require any special bags which is the biggest selling point.
It is easy to use & can take any type of bags... who has the time or the money to search for the special genie bags everytime you run out.
I now use scented garbage bags (much economical, purchased from the dollar store).The dogs would attack the Diaper Genie because of the smell.
This thing is great to just put diaper in and flip and no special bags.
We have the air freshner that goes with it, a second air freshner and odor guard bags and it still stinks!
I use the drawstring tall kitchen garbage bags and it works perfectly!
I also like being able to use regular garbage bags and even those plastic shopping bags which is great and very economical.
I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.
My son is still exclusively breastfed, so I don't know if the Diaper Champ will continue doing such a great job once he is on solids, but so far, it has been great; even in the VERY hot weather it has contained all diaper odors!
We'd come home and every time, they'd gotten in wrong and used the cutter tool on top and cut the diaper bag like they were changing it when they just needed to put the diaper in.
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
This creates a tighter seal and helps to reduce odor.One thing, the diaper champ cover is damned hard to open.
This is also not sanitary, as placing the diapers inside the hole sometimes causes 'stuff' to wipe off on the inside.
At that point I either change the bag, or if I want to get a few more diapers in before I change it, I just gently bounce the pail up and down a few times and I am able to get more diapers inside.
Let's face it - diapers stink.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
You can use any trash bag2.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
):  Place a Bounce dryer sheet in the bottom of the pail (before putting the trash bag in)and spray thoroughly with Lysol after each use.
Otherwise, you'll notice the smell for sure...as you're digging through the trash bag to recover said object.Outstanding product.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
The Diaper Champ uses an ordinary trash bag so saving money is just another benefit.
The only foul aroma you will smell is when you change the trash bag.
I buy the cheap storebrand kitchen trash bags from my supermarket, which come in a package of 15 or 20 for less than $2, and lasts me MONTHS!
It's very convenient that you don't have to buy special (expensive) replacement bags for it and can use any type of kitchen trash bag.
We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
The best part is that we were able to use regular trash bags.
The added convienance of using standard trash bags is a major and inexpensive bonus!
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
I love that you can use regular kitchen-size trash bags and don't need to purchase any special expensive bags.
You can also use any trash bags you already have around the house, which is why we purchased this particular diaper pail.
We're spending more on trash bags then we would on Diaper Genie bags.
AND you can use regular trash bags & dispose of the diaper with one hand!
My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.
It is very nice to be able to used regular kitchen sized trash bags.
You can use regular trash bags which helps reduce the cost of expensive specialty bags.
We empty it out often but even when we put a new trash bag and wipe it down and spray it down with lysol it still smells like poop.
There is sometimes a smell when you empty it, because you are pulling out a trash bag with smelly diapers in it.
It is very easy to clean and I spray it with bleach water and wipe it down before replacing a new trash bag.
The only good thing (and I mean the only), was that it took regular trash bags.
I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.
You can use any type of trash bag with this versus the diaper genie where you have to purchase their expensive bags.
We preferred this model over the newer model.Its easy to use and doesn't need any special bags.We change the trash bag in the Diaper Champ once, maybe twice a week.
*A helpful hint* use any odor shield trash bag and you really will not have to worry about those smelly diapers!
We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!
It takes regular trash bags.
You don't have to purchase extra materials for the Diaper Champ, you can use your own trash bags.
Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
I use scented trash bags and spray it out with Lysol after each changing and it has yet to smell.
The champ is easy to use (just drop in and flip), we have NO smells, and you can use regular trash bags.
Its easy to open and remove bag when its time to change the trash bag.
Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
It is much more cost effective then the genie b/c you don't need to keep buying the expensive bag inserts, just use any old trash bag.There is also no messing with loading a newbag like the genie.
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
If I'm changing one of the kids diapers, my 2 or 3yr old can dispose of the dirty diaper while I put a clean one on my youngest.
We have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.This product has been a life saver and I recommend it highly.
It seems like we change diapers all the time and it holds so many!
Our triplets just turned two and we are ready to buy diaper pail #3.
I've even had other Moms tell me that they can't smell dirty diapers in my house, even with 2 kids producing them.
It is easy to use & can take any type of bags... who has the time or the money to search for the special genie bags everytime you run out.
All you have to do is put ANY kind of bag inside the champ and close the lid.
It is an odorless diaper pail that actually follows the &quot;Keep it simple&quot; principle.
We eventually threw it out when my daughter was about 16 months.This is a great diaper pail for younger babies but can be too smelly as they get older.
What a great diaper pail!
This is a great diaper pail, easy to use and keeps the odor in.
BUT, when the diapers get bigger they get stuck very easily and very few fit even though this thing is much bigger than the diaper genie.
Besides myself, my husband and mother found the Diaper Genie very frustrating to use, changing the bags required quite a bit of time and energy, all the while smelling the stinky diaper smell.
It only holds about 10 newborn diapers before it becomes clogged and stops working.
It takes the plastic grocery store bags that everyone has too many of.
Just use grocery bags/department store bags and empty it every 2-3 days.
My childs clothing - including cloth diapers - are virtually stain free.I highly recommend this item.
Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.
If you use cloth diapers the diaper Champ is a must have, forget the diaper Genie it's a hassle for cloth diapers.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
As my son has grown and his cloth diapers have gotten bigger, it is sometimes a challenge to stuff the diaper and cover into the cylinder so that it can turn without forcing.
As a first-time mom, I got the great idea that cloth would be better, and this was the only diaper disposal that advertised compatibility with cloth diapers.
The diaper is gone and the kids actually think it's fun to throw diapers away because they think it's magic how it disapears!!
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
For those people who complain endlessly about the smell of dirty diapers emanating from the area around the Diaper Champ, I have one suggestion - take out the diapers more often.
My doctors office has one in the lobby as well for dirty diapers and you can't smell a thing.
I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.
I too wipe it and spray with Lysol because it is a storage unit for dirty diapers.
the diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink.
I empty it every other day so that his room doesn't have the odor of dirty diapers.
Cleaning the pail is a must, it does hold dirty diapers!We found that the best "diaper solution" is not to just let the pail do all the work (pretty much common sense if you ask me!)
We replaced it with the NEW Diaper Genie and we have NO more odors (even after 6 or 7 dirty diapers), so we know that it was the pail!
I am constantly telling them not to put their hand into the hole the dirty diapers go in - Just gross since the diapers directly touch this area with no liner!2.
I've even had other Moms tell me that they can't smell dirty diapers in my house, even with 2 kids producing them.
Reuse those plastic grocery bags for dirty diapers.
I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.
Yes, it can be a bit tricky to open (I found using two hands works best) but then again do I want something that is holding wet and otherwise dirty diapers to open easily?
I am reading the mixed reviews on this product and wanted to give my two cents...No, this product does not totally lock in the smell of dirty diapers.
By trash day the pail is full, easily indicated by having to push the plunger down manually because the other dirty diapers are close to the top.
It claims to keep the smell of dirty diapers in.
We are also VERY careful to be sure any dirty diapers are sealed (by the tape) with the wipes wrapped up inside, so that nothing gets on the part of the pail where you drop the diaper in.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
So in the last few months, the smell becomes noticible in the room after only a few diapers have been added and the smell is really strong when you change bags.
Any possible smell is locked in, you carry it outside then open lid to change bag so no smell is ever lingering in the house.
We change bags twice a week (I'm sure as our boy gets older, it will have to be more frequent!).
maybe it's not big enough), and when you change bags you do get a whiff of bad smell, but the smelly time is very short in comparison.
On another positive note it is very easy to use and change bags.
The Diaper Champ is also very easy to use and easy to change bags.
The chute doesn't go down all the way if you let the bag get too full- it's kind of your signal to change bags.
:)  I love the Diaper Champ - you can operate it with one hand (allowing you a free hand to hold down a squirming baby on the changing table), no special bags to purchase, and odor-free if you stay on top of changing the bag and spraying with Lysol every few bag changes.
I just spray with a little Lysol at the time of bag change and it is as good as new.
