He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
My only issue is that its hard to flip the handle over using one hand - kind of a must when holding on to a squirmy infant.
If you are conservation minded at all, you will appreciate that you can use any bag (including recycled ones) and it only uses one bag to hold a mess of diapers.
Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.
:)  I love the Diaper Champ - you can operate it with one hand (allowing you a free hand to hold down a squirming baby on the changing table), no special bags to purchase, and odor-free if you stay on top of changing the bag and spraying with Lysol every few bag changes.
You do need to disenfect it when you change the bag, but I would recommend that with any product that is a holding tank for feces (you have to disinfect your toilets, too).I have recommended the Diaper Champ over the genie to every one of my friends.
It seems like we change diapers all the time and it holds so many!
It only holds about 10 newborn diapers before it becomes clogged and stops working.
Also, it's really easy to clean -- not that it gets really dirty, but you've got to stay on top of it (again ... given what it's supposed to hold ....).An excellent addition to our baby's room ... you can also use it with one hand while you hold your little one on the changing table (no small benefit either).
It holds a lot of diapers so it doesn't need to be changed every day.
We were so disapointed to find out that it does not hold a full laundry load of diapers and cloth wipes.
Cleaning the pail is a must, it does hold dirty diapers!We found that the best "diaper solution" is not to just let the pail do all the work (pretty much common sense if you ask me!)
It also holds a lot of diapers.
We were originally going to get the Dekor (because of the looks) but realized once we saw it that we would have to change the refill bag constantly since it didn't look like it could hold much.
It does not smell, and it holds any garbage bags.
It holds more diapers too.
I have a 3 week old and have got the genie upstairs and the champ downstairs - both hold off our odors, but the champ is MUCH easier and quicker and quieter to use!
Yes, it can be a bit tricky to open (I found using two hands works best) but then again do I want something that is holding wet and otherwise dirty diapers to open easily?
It is a little bigger than the other pails, but it holds alot more!
I'm also happy with the amount of diapers that it holds.
Because it's a little taller and doesn't have sausage links (by the way, that's a really negative when it comes time to empty), it holds more diapers.
I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.
It holds several days worth of smaller diapers.
Perhaps a larger size should be made for larger diapers, though holding too many might defeat the purpose.
Also, it's great that you only need one hand to operate it so that you can still hold on to the baby.
My only complaint is that after 15 months of use, mine does not hold the odor as well.
I don't know how this product would hold up to either of these situations.
