Try dumping your solids in the toilet; that really takes care of problems like that too.
It takes the plastic grocery store bags that everyone has too many of.
I am starting to potty train my son, but he still has mistakes in diapers, so this still gets use.
I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I believe nothing is perfect and because of the size, it takes up more space than the Diaper Genie.
It takes regular trash bags.
I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.
The greatest part to us, was that you could use oversized plastic shopping bags, etc and we just keep emptying and reusing the same bag over and over.
I am the owner of a used baby store in NJ, (I have a champ there too) and this is one of my hottest items, I have several diaper genies there that just do not sell.You will not be sorry you brought the Diaper Champ.
It is not odorless, it is hard to change, and not the greatest product ever.
We have the air freshner that goes with it, a second air freshner and odor guard bags and it still stinks!
The ease of use factor is amazing, drop a dirty diaper in the hole, grab the handle, give it a flip, the plunger pushes the diaper down and it drops into the can with a little gravitic help.No wrenching, turning, fighting a cartridge bag system.Opening it for the first time was a little hard, but look at that from a child's point of view, a toddler is not going to get into it, and neither is a dog.
I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.
And even if you already have a Genie, if your child is going to be in diapers for more than 6 more months, go out and get a Champ because you'll be saving money in the long run by not having to buy any more refill cartridges!
You can be the judge.
Cheap ziplocks are easy to take with you - will work at home or for travel - and will cost about the same as a refill cartridge MINUS the $30-some bucks for the canister.
The design of the Genie also resolves the need to tightly close the diaper, and the problem of the wipes soiling the side walls of the Champs's chamber.Yes, you have to buy the cartridges, but stock up when there is a sale, and the extra money isn't such a big deal.Take it from someone who has had both, buy the Diaper Genie.
The only way I was able to dislodge it was to tear out the seal.
I chose this one because I don't have to buy the silly refill cartridges, and I'm glad I made that decision.
Never got the Diaper Genie as I figured the refill cartridges would add up.
When you are a first time mom and on a tight budget every little bit helps.
