I've read the bad reviews about the smell factor, but I still recommend this product.
Since he started eating solids his poop does smell much stronger, but the champ is a pro at keeping odor at bay.
The reason I gave it two stars is the ease of use with the Champ is superior....but I simply CANT LIVE with the stinky smell of diapers!
Not only that, it also gives out a stinky smell when the baby grows and starts eating solid food.
And the obvious, change the bag every couple days to eliminate the smell... don't expect to leave it there for a week and have it smell like roses!2.
great product, does what is supposed to do, and the best thing is that you don't need to buy refill bags (like Diaper Genie) you end up saving money that can go to diapers or formula...
Hopefully, we can get another one for the new baby and maintain it properly from the beginning!This is a great product that really works.
This is a great product.
I always thought her room still smelled faintly of poop.
We empty it out often but even when we put a new trash bag and wipe it down and spray it down with lysol it still smells like poop.
I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.
but you have to keep the area clean, and do your part to make the area smell free as well.
We read the reviews for the Diaper Champ and thought we would give it a try.We saw that some of the problems were that poopy diapers could be messy and that sometimes the smell leaks through.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
You do need to tape your diaper into a bundle, otherwise the tape sticks to the cylinder and the diaper gets stuck.
Also as baby grows and diaper gets bigger you need to manually push it down, and that smell thing.
We did have a problem with one of them in that the lining that makes it airtight is starting to come loose, but my husband said that the velcro from the diaper got stuck on it.
As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.
As a first-time mom, I got the great idea that cloth would be better, and this was the only diaper disposal that advertised compatibility with cloth diapers.
I got the Neat diaper disposal system first but gave it up pretty quickly since you have to squish your dirty diaper through a small slot & believe me you never wanna sqeeze a diaper into anything EVER!
I decided to get this diaper disposal system instead of all of the others for one simple fact: NO REFILLS NEEDED!
With two infants in diapers, every little bit helps!I gave only 4 stars because if you don't wrap up the diaper before using the Diaper Champ and the velcro tabs are hanging loose, they can become stuck in the shoot and you have to open the pail to free the diaper.I highly recommend the Diaper Champ as an inexpensive alternative to other diaper pails.
I've read all the reviews on all the major diaper pails, mainly because I'm dissatisfied with the Diaper Champ I own.
After reading several reviews on diaper pails, I decided to try the Diaper Champ.
Also everytime you dispose your diaper it smells even when you are careful to put the poopy diapers in a plastic bag before disposing.
Now her room reeks after every poopy diaper so we either have to empty this thing once or twice a day - which is very wasteful and inconvenient - or put up with the smell, which of course, we are not willing to do.
Believe me, we have had our share of poopy diapers (my daughter is 7 months old &amp; now on solids) and her room has never smelled!
Usually the odor is not really a problem if you change the bags frequently, but if you don't have a chance to change the bags just put a poopy diaper in a  plastic grocery bag before throwing it in the diaper champ.
I am so glad I did, I mean I for one do not find it the least bit pleasant to have to squish down a poopy diaper into a plastic bag with my hands (Diaper genie).
We read the reviews for the Diaper Champ and thought we would give it a try.We saw that some of the problems were that poopy diapers could be messy and that sometimes the smell leaks through.
The little individual bags are super cheap and great for other things but if you don't have them, the poopy diapers can be a bit messy for this product.
It does start to smell when there are poopy diapers in it, but I can't imagine that any product could completely eliminate poopy diaper odor!!
Cleaning the pail is a must, it does hold dirty diapers!We found that the best "diaper solution" is not to just let the pail do all the work (pretty much common sense if you ask me!)
since it really keeps the odor inside the pail, can be a little loud as it slides down into the pail, especially in the quiet hours in the middle of the night when you're trying to get baby back to sleep.
I am the owner of a used baby store in NJ, (I have a champ there too) and this is one of my hottest items, I have several diaper genies there that just do not sell.You will not be sorry you brought the Diaper Champ.
We went through 2 diaper genies in less than a week before we said forget it and bought this 4 months ago.
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
Granted our 3-month old isn't producing really stinky diapers yet, but the Champ is much better than using a trash can.
Very cost efficient, and no stinky diapers in the trash!
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
Besides myself, my husband and mother found the Diaper Genie very frustrating to use, changing the bags required quite a bit of time and energy, all the while smelling the stinky diaper smell.
!Now if you leave a bag full of stinky diapers in there for a week, then you're not using your brain.
My advice is to make sure that you attach the tabs of the diaper back onto the diaper itself before stuffing it into the tube -- this helps avoid the snag.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
I buy the cheap storebrand kitchen trash bags from my supermarket, which come in a package of 15 or 20 for less than $2, and lasts me MONTHS!
We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
The best part is that we were able to use regular trash bags.
The added convienance of using standard trash bags is a major and inexpensive bonus!
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
I love that you can use regular kitchen-size trash bags and don't need to purchase any special expensive bags.
You can also use any trash bags you already have around the house, which is why we purchased this particular diaper pail.
We're spending more on trash bags then we would on Diaper Genie bags.
AND you can use regular trash bags & dispose of the diaper with one hand!
My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.
It is very nice to be able to used regular kitchen sized trash bags.
You can use regular trash bags which helps reduce the cost of expensive specialty bags.
The only good thing (and I mean the only), was that it took regular trash bags.
I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.
We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!
It takes regular trash bags.
You don't have to purchase extra materials for the Diaper Champ, you can use your own trash bags.
Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
I use scented trash bags and spray it out with Lysol after each changing and it has yet to smell.
The champ is easy to use (just drop in and flip), we have NO smells, and you can use regular trash bags.
Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
Do not listen to the other reviews on this webpage - this product makes the entire nursery smell!
I buy the cheap storebrand kitchen trash bags from my supermarket, which come in a package of 15 or 20 for less than $2, and lasts me MONTHS!
It's very convenient that you don't have to buy special (expensive) replacement bags for it and can use any type of kitchen trash bag.
We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!
I love that you can use regular kitchen-size trash bags and don't need to purchase any special expensive bags.
If you really want to save money, but still get a quality product, buy the Diaper Champ.I had a friend recommend it to me, and another friend recommend the Diaper Dekor.
We have not had ANY odor problems with the champ.I chose this diaper pail because it seemed easy to use &amp; it didn't need proprietary bags.
Maybe as baby grows into larger diapers it will be more like 2 - 3 times a week.Still, that's better than taking every dirty diaper (8 or more a day) outside to the garbage can, especially in a Minnesota winter.
When you change the bag, get in there with some Lysol spray and eliminate the germs and the residual odor (hello, if you didn't flush the toilet for a week it would stink, too - try changing the bag before it's overflowing!
Depending on your use you could go for a week without emptying it out.
We do empty it at least twice a week, but our baby uses a lot of diapers.
And as for emptying it too often, I have never emptied ours more than once a week, and besides, would you REALLY want to leave old diapers sitting around any longer than a week??
I clean it every other week with Clorox wipes and they keep it nice and fresh.
With one baby i only had to change the bag once a week.It is now 2008 and i've had 2 more children (4 total) since I originally wrote this review.
We change bags twice a week (I'm sure as our boy gets older, it will have to be more frequent!).
We empty it no more than 2x per week, on average 1x per week.
I have only been using it the past two months since my daughter is only 9 weeks old, but so far so good.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
My son is in size 4 diapers and the Champ last a week without changing the bag or ANY smells!
I usually take the diapers out twice a week and it works wonderful.
You would have to open it, shove a dirty diaper into a very small hole, close it... and than TURN a knob about 6 times for the diaper to make it to the base...CHANGING THE BAGS*  Remove the top off of the champ to access the bag*  Tie the bag closed, like a regular garbage bag*  Haul it to the OUTSIDE trash bin, preferably inside another bag to keep the animals away...*  Wash the container at least every other week, or spray it with a disinfectant, like Lysol or Oust.
at least once a week)  there is no odor!!!
I use it faithfully every day and love the ease and convenience of only having to change the bag once a week!
We have emptied it about once or twice a week so far (our son is 5 months) and that has been enough.
So I just change it once a week and it's the best, no expensive refills AND NO SMELLS!!
He is now 6 weeks and it is getting a little more smelly and sometimes you can smell it when you walk past it in the nursery.
We have had this for 5 weeks now and its intent is well founded but the machanics or this device sometimes defeat its purpose.
I have a 3 week old and have got the genie upstairs and the champ downstairs - both hold off our odors, but the champ is MUCH easier and quicker and quieter to use!
To sum it up, the Champ made it a week before I returned it.One caveat: both my kids are eating solid foods.
We preferred this model over the newer model.Its easy to use and doesn't need any special bags.We change the trash bag in the Diaper Champ once, maybe twice a week.
And use an antibacterial wipe out the chute about once a week.To contain smell and mess, we make sure that each diaper is securely closed before placing the diaper inside.
Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.
We went through 2 diaper genies in less than a week before we said forget it and bought this 4 months ago.
This fills up quite quickly, I have to change it twice weekly (stay at home mom), so it doesn't smell to me.
Otherwise, I think I would pass out from changing the bags after the diapers have been 'brewing' in the pail for over a week.
Both had to be emptied and cleaned 2 or 3 times a week.
And the obvious, change the bag every couple days to eliminate the smell... don't expect to leave it there for a week and have it smell like roses!2.
I now have a 2 year old and this only needs to be emptied weekly.
You do have to change it often (like 2-3 times per week) in order to cut down on the stink but overall it does a bang up job.
I wash it every few weeks.
We empty the bag about 2x a week and our child is on solids!
While some my complain that it's not &quot;odor-proof&quot;, you do need to empty it at least once a week, but why wouldn't you.
I have been using it for 4 weeks so far, and have not had any problems with smell at all.
Once a week take a couple Clorox wipes and wipe inside the hole where you put the dirty diaper, to clean any yucky leftover residue, flip the handle and do the other side, then wipe down the handle.5.
!Now if you leave a bag full of stinky diapers in there for a week, then you're not using your brain.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
If you use cloth diapers the diaper Champ is a must have, forget the diaper Genie it's a hassle for cloth diapers.
We have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.This product has been a life saver and I recommend it highly.
The genie because a problem with refills and odors.
Bottom line-- bad odors-- and we tried two of these to make sure.
I have also heard that some people put kitty litter at the bottom of the bag to help eliminate some of the odors, but I haven't had to try this yet.
No smelly odors!
I had the Diaper Genie and it didn't keep odors out.
It does a great job blocking odors and best of all, is compatible with ANY plastic bag.
We replaced it with the NEW Diaper Genie and we have NO more odors (even after 6 or 7 dirty diapers), so we know that it was the pail!
No special bags to purchase, no odors, not too bulky.
As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.
Keeping with that practice, I haven't had a problem with bad odors.Secondly, its economical--its not expensive to buy, and its not expensive to maintain.
I have a 3 week old and have got the genie upstairs and the champ downstairs - both hold off our odors, but the champ is MUCH easier and quicker and quieter to use!
I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.
Besides, from the reviews and friends' comments, they do not eliminate odors completely either.
I have had the Diaper Champ for 16 months now, and think it is pretty cost effective, compare to the Diaper Genie, but frankly I am considering buying something else, cause it really does not keep the odors in.
I have 2 dogs and was a little worried about diapers being in garbage cans so after reading many reviews, got the Camp and wouldn't live without it.I have no odors from the champ, nor do I find that it gets dirty.
It works like advertised and keeps the odors at bay.
This may look fancy, but does not control soiled diapers odors, only wet diapers odors.
:)  But while it is closed, the odors are contained.
I have had no trouble with odors so far.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
(If you peek around the latch, you can see that there is open circulation into the diaper bag where odors flow freely).
It does contain most of the odors but not all.
It is a fabulous diaper pail--great for cloth or disposable and no odors!
My son is still exclusively breastfed, so I don't know if the Diaper Champ will continue doing such a great job once he is on solids, but so far, it has been great; even in the VERY hot weather it has contained all diaper odors!
I was a little skeptical because of its simple design, but it really is so easy to use and I haven't noticed any odors since we've been using it.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
It is easy to use & can take any type of bags... who has the time or the money to search for the special genie bags everytime you run out.
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
I use the drawstring tall kitchen garbage bags and it works perfectly!
The diaper genie is not odorless, but it does a much better job of keeping the room fresh smelling for a longer period before you have to empty it.
This thing is awesome and I highly recommended it to all!If you want an odor free room for your baby go with the Diaper Champ for sure!
Perfect for the nursery or any room in the house where baby is changed.
Hold your nose and get ready to run out of the room when you flip the handle, but with larger diapers you don't stand a chance of making it as they often get stuck.
Now her room reeks after every poopy diaper so we either have to empty this thing once or twice a day - which is very wasteful and inconvenient - or put up with the smell, which of course, we are not willing to do.
Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
So if you own one, or wanna buy one its TERRIFIC, it works "okay" without my little tips, but to keep the room fresh I would try it out, but if you dont know if you wanna buy one...
I do not recommend this diaper pail if your goal is to keep the room from stinking.
So in the last few months, the smell becomes noticible in the room after only a few diapers have been added and the smell is really strong when you change bags.
Believe me, we have had our share of poopy diapers (my daughter is 7 months old &amp; now on solids) and her room has never smelled!
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
Also, it's really easy to clean -- not that it gets really dirty, but you've got to stay on top of it (again ... given what it's supposed to hold ....).An excellent addition to our baby's room ... you can also use it with one hand while you hold your little one on the changing table (no small benefit either).
I empty it every other day so that his room doesn't have the odor of dirty diapers.
I like the fact that you can use your own bags, but it's no longer any more effective than just a regular trash can sitting in his room with the lid up.
I always thought her room still smelled faintly of poop.
It is much easier to take out the trash once a day than live with a smelly room.
No matter how often you change the bag and clean the thing, the diaper champ emits the odor of the smelly diaper into the room.
We have ours in our bedroom and we do not have any diaper smell whatsoever!
I finally took it out of my baby's room because it was almost toxic and would blow you away when you walked in the room, no matter how often I changed the bags.
if you dont mind washing the champ once in a while so that it wont stink up your nursery room.
The lever that supposed to push them down just sits on top of them and when you empty the bag there is still tons of room.
Think about it, would you put a garbage can with rotting food in the baby's room?
My new one will be sleeping in her big sisters room so a rancid scent in the room is not an option.
and currently our daughter is still in with us in the bedroom, so that means the diaper pail is as well.
I also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.I have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or I would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.So why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.
I understand that diet directly affects the odor of the diapers but since we use the babies room as a spare bedroom, it was VERY important to me that the smell stay contained.
First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
I will say that I use the Glad Odor Guard bags (still cheaper than the Genie refills) and empty in my garage instead of the babies room.
Takes up unnecessary space, especially if your child does not have the largest of rooms!
Our little boy's room was smelly when we would open the door to get him up for the day.
as a result we change her in the laundry room.
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
It takes the plastic grocery store bags that everyone has too many of.
Just use grocery bags/department store bags and empty it every 2-3 days.
Cleaning the pail is a must, it does hold dirty diapers!We found that the best "diaper solution" is not to just let the pail do all the work (pretty much common sense if you ask me!)
I am constantly telling them not to put their hand into the hole the dirty diapers go in - Just gross since the diapers directly touch this area with no liner!2.
As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
I have since borrowed a Diaper Genie and have seen a HUGE improvement in odor control.
If you "package" the diapers with the fasteners before putting them into the pail you will be able to fit more, plus it also helps with odor control.
We've been using our Diaper Champ for over a year now, & though some stink escapes with the occasional "real dirty" diaper, it does control odor very well.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
Fitting the bag and wrapping it around the interior gate is another inconvenience.A person really interested in controlling the stink is better off using any old garbage can lined with a bag, and on a daily basis changing it, and tying it off.
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
I absolutely love it -- My son is only three months old, so his diapers aren't as smelly as they will be once he starts on solid foods, I know, but he HAS already produced some truly potent samples from time to time!
So, I have extensive head-to-head comparison.
I am starting to potty train my son, but he still has mistakes in diapers, so this still gets use.
My son likes to put toys in the Champ and we've had several close calls when he was about to send a toy into the pail, never to be seen again (becasue who wants to retrieve it, let alone let their child play with it?!?).
My only complaint is that when you flip the thing over to make it send the diaper into the bag, it can get caught, smearing the diaper's contents onto other parts of the pail (I know, ewww)if it isn't closed up tightly.All in all I like it and don't see any reason to buy another disposal system at this time.
My son is a year now and eating solids, therefore those poo-poo diapers are getting really bad.
My son is in size 4 diapers and the Champ last a week without changing the bag or ANY smells!
Despite my son's normally rancid diapers, I can't smell a thing!
maybe it's not big enough), and when you change bags you do get a whiff of bad smell, but the smelly time is very short in comparison.
We have emptied it about once or twice a week so far (our son is 5 months) and that has been enough.
The reason I gave it two stars is the ease of use with the Champ is superior....but I simply CANT LIVE with the stinky smell of diapers!
As my son has grown and his cloth diapers have gotten bigger, it is sometimes a challenge to stuff the diaper and cover into the cylinder so that it can turn without forcing.
My son is almost two, and let me tell you, little babies just don't produce the smells like the older ones.
It entices my older son to help me b/c he loves to put the diaper in and turn the handle.
This product does not work for the following reasons:1.
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
We change our son, put the diper in the champ and give it one turn.
Not long after I started using the champ the blue name disks on the sides started just falling out for no reason.
Older son also pulls this over way more than he ever did with the Genie, and unfortunately, once he figured how the handle flips over, he puts things down inside the hole and flips the handle, so a few of his smaller toys have ended up down in the bag with the diapers.
We purchased a convenient, odor-containing pail for a reasonable price and we don't have to purchase expensive refills.
In fact, we actually bought a second one for our lower level where I spend most of the daytime hours with our son.
I purchased it before my son was born, and now, with my 11 month old baby boy, who went from breast fed to formula to solids, I can happily answer: YES!
My son is still exclusively breastfed, so I don't know if the Diaper Champ will continue doing such a great job once he is on solids, but so far, it has been great; even in the VERY hot weather it has contained all diaper odors!
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
If you are conservation minded at all, you will appreciate that you can use any bag (including recycled ones) and it only uses one bag to hold a mess of diapers.
You can buy like 100 bags for the cost of one diaper genie refill.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
So in the last few months, the smell becomes noticible in the room after only a few diapers have been added and the smell is really strong when you change bags.
We change bags twice a week (I'm sure as our boy gets older, it will have to be more frequent!).
maybe it's not big enough), and when you change bags you do get a whiff of bad smell, but the smelly time is very short in comparison.
On another positive note it is very easy to use and change bags.
The Diaper Champ is also very easy to use and easy to change bags.
The chute doesn't go down all the way if you let the bag get too full- it's kind of your signal to change bags.
This thing is awesome and I highly recommended it to all!If you want an odor free room for your baby go with the Diaper Champ for sure!
Plus, you can use any standard garbage bags.
Like another reviewer, I too use Lemon Scented garbage bags, but that really only makes a difference once you have tied up the bag and put it with the rest of the garbage to go out.
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
I buy cheap store-brand garbage bags and I am able to fill the diaper pail all the way and it still doesn't smell.
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
A big plus is that we can use regular garbage bags and we do not have to worry about getting to a store to buy special bags and wasting that money.
I actually bought it seoncd hand and still I have not problems with scents.The great thing about it is that you can use regular garbage bags.
Oh, it does work at keeping the smells out, also uses garbage bags which is great, but if you look closely, the top is actually narrower than the bottom.
It does not smell, and it holds any garbage bags.
Love the fact this pail can use regular garbage bags.
To make sure there is no smell eminating from it, we put a box of Arm & Hammer in the bottom and use scented garbage bags- and there is NO BAD SMELL AT ALL!
It is so easy to use, never smells (so far) and I love that you can use your own garbage bags and do not have to purchase special bags to use with this diaper pail!
We like to use drawstring garbage bags, which makes it easier to close up the nasty mess before toting it right out to the outside garbage can.For twins and other multiples, the Champ beats the Genie hands down because of its volume and its use of inexpensive regular garbage can liners.
I now use scented garbage bags (much economical, purchased from the dollar store).The dogs would attack the Diaper Genie because of the smell.
I use the drawstring tall kitchen garbage bags and it works perfectly!
I also like being able to use regular garbage bags and even those plastic shopping bags which is great and very economical.
A roll of 1000 bags cost me about $6 or $7 (which is about what one refill costs for the Genie).
We change bags twice a week (I'm sure as our boy gets older, it will have to be more frequent!).
Also putting odor protectant bags helps with the smell too.
Trust me people, there is a big difference from infant poop smell and toddler poop smell!
I had the Diaper Genie and it didn't keep odors out.
My baby is only 5 months old, but it seems to keep odor in great so far.
We didn't even think about buying the Diaper Genie because we thought the idea of buying special bags and odor discs was ridiculous.
Since he started eating solids his poop does smell much stronger, but the champ is a pro at keeping odor at bay.
This thing is awesome and I highly recommended it to all!If you want an odor free room for your baby go with the Diaper Champ for sure!
I just Lysol the bin each time I change the bag and it stays clean and odor free!!
As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.
!1 The best part about it is it uses REGULAR kitchen bags.
I went out and bought the Diaper Champ, it uses regular kitchen bags (hint: buy the powder scented kitchen bags) its so great you never have to open a lid and have that terrible smell hit you.
They are cheaper than using the Diaper Genie bags and the tall kitchen bags that go in the Diaper Champ; and much cheaper than those little blue baggie things.
You do need to tape your diaper into a bundle, otherwise the tape sticks to the cylinder and the diaper gets stuck.
We did have a problem with one of them in that the lining that makes it airtight is starting to come loose, but my husband said that the velcro from the diaper got stuck on it.
Also putting odor protectant bags helps with the smell too.
Out of all the new baby items we registered for, this one has no flaws that we can think of.
great product, does what is supposed to do, and the best thing is that you don't need to buy refill bags (like Diaper Genie) you end up saving money that can go to diapers or formula...
No annoying refill bags (expensive; and am I the only one who fears realizing I'm out of refills at a critical moment?)
We've never had a problem with smell, or operation, and love that we can use the bags we choose and not be tied down to brand-specific refill bags.
