You don't have to worry about if you twisted the top enough times, tying knots in the plastic liner before the diapers go everywhere, how to cut the plastic, spending "money" for refills, etc.
I am constantly telling them not to put their hand into the hole the dirty diapers go in - Just gross since the diapers directly touch this area with no liner!2.
Plus, you can use any standard garbage bags.
Like another reviewer, I too use Lemon Scented garbage bags, but that really only makes a difference once you have tied up the bag and put it with the rest of the garbage to go out.
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
I buy cheap store-brand garbage bags and I am able to fill the diaper pail all the way and it still doesn't smell.
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
A big plus is that we can use regular garbage bags and we do not have to worry about getting to a store to buy special bags and wasting that money.
We compared this too the other one and decided we liked the idea of the common garbage bag better.
I actually bought it seoncd hand and still I have not problems with scents.The great thing about it is that you can use regular garbage bags.
It is easy to use, although when you first start using it you'll need to get used to the way the release mechanism works on the lid when you change the garbage bag.
But eventually, I found out that to keep it working well, you have to use a large enough garbage bag (instead of a grocery bag as I was doing).
You would have to open it, shove a dirty diaper into a very small hole, close it... and than TURN a knob about 6 times for the diaper to make it to the base...CHANGING THE BAGS*  Remove the top off of the champ to access the bag*  Tie the bag closed, like a regular garbage bag*  Haul it to the OUTSIDE trash bin, preferably inside another bag to keep the animals away...*  Wash the container at least every other week, or spray it with a disinfectant, like Lysol or Oust.
Oh, it does work at keeping the smells out, also uses garbage bags which is great, but if you look closely, the top is actually narrower than the bottom.
It does not smell, and it holds any garbage bags.
Love the fact this pail can use regular garbage bags.
To make sure there is no smell eminating from it, we put a box of Arm & Hammer in the bottom and use scented garbage bags- and there is NO BAD SMELL AT ALL!
It is so easy to use, never smells (so far) and I love that you can use your own garbage bags and do not have to purchase special bags to use with this diaper pail!
We like to use drawstring garbage bags, which makes it easier to close up the nasty mess before toting it right out to the outside garbage can.For twins and other multiples, the Champ beats the Genie hands down because of its volume and its use of inexpensive regular garbage can liners.
I do like how you can use ANY garbage bag though.
I now use scented garbage bags (much economical, purchased from the dollar store).The dogs would attack the Diaper Genie because of the smell.
I use the drawstring tall kitchen garbage bags and it works perfectly!
I also like being able to use regular garbage bags and even those plastic shopping bags which is great and very economical.
Also everytime you dispose your diaper it smells even when you are careful to put the poopy diapers in a plastic bag before disposing.
Believe me, we have had our share of poopy diapers (my daughter is 7 months old &amp; now on solids) and her room has never smelled!
We read the reviews for the Diaper Champ and thought we would give it a try.We saw that some of the problems were that poopy diapers could be messy and that sometimes the smell leaks through.
The little individual bags are super cheap and great for other things but if you don't have them, the poopy diapers can be a bit messy for this product.
It does start to smell when there are poopy diapers in it, but I can't imagine that any product could completely eliminate poopy diaper odor!!
