He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
I have recommended this product to several friends who also love it.
We loved it at first since it is so much easier to use than the diaper genie - you just drop the diaper in the slot and flip the handle.
:)  I love the Diaper Champ - you can operate it with one hand (allowing you a free hand to hold down a squirming baby on the changing table), no special bags to purchase, and odor-free if you stay on top of changing the bag and spraying with Lysol every few bag changes.
I love the concept of a diaper champ, but somebody do something about the smell, please.
I love that you can use regular trashbags instead of buying special ones just for the diaper pail.
Now that I have used it for 16 months, here is why I still love it and recommend it to all1) No special bags to buy!!
I love this item!
I absolutely love it -- My son is only three months old, so his diapers aren't as smelly as they will be once he starts on solid foods, I know, but he HAS already produced some truly potent samples from time to time!
I love it.
We love it's simple design.
The champ, the baby bjorn, fluerville diaper bag, and graco pack and play bassinet all vie for the best baby purchase.Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.UpdateI knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!!
My kids all love to watch the diapers disapear into the hole, they laugh at it every time.
Please, please consider this diaper pail, I garentee that you will love it, if you don't, they always have their return policy, but you will not need it with this product!
Love it, love it, love it!
I love this diaper pail.
I use it faithfully every day and love the ease and convenience of only having to change the bag once a week!
I love that you can use regular kitchen-size trash bags and don't need to purchase any special expensive bags.
It entices my older son to help me b/c he loves to put the diaper in and turn the handle.
We both love it!
It so easy and so great I love it!!
I love this diaper pail so much!!
I love this so much that I took time out of my day when my baby is sleeping (and Moms you know how precious nap time is!)
The latch is a little difficult to open, but I think that is a good thing since my eleven month old loves opening and playing with things she shouldn't be.
I bought a Diaper Champ and mostly love it - except that the rubber ring at the top keeps popping out of alignment therefore making it next to IMPOSSIBLE to turn.
We've never had a problem with smell, or operation, and love that we can use the bags we choose and not be tied down to brand-specific refill bags.
It is so easy to use, never smells (so far) and I love that you can use your own garbage bags and do not have to purchase special bags to use with this diaper pail!
I love that it's one handed and not hard to use at all.
I love that you can use any bag for the inside instead of being forced to buy the more expensive refills.
I love that I don't have to buy expensive bags, I actually use the cheapest bags I can find.
I love this diaper pail.
I have been using this diaper pail for 41/2 months now and just love it.
I had with my first child was only used a month or so and then I just used the outside trash because it was such a pain.I only gave it 4 stars because it is hard to open (I've also broken a nail trying to do it) and I wish the top unhinged all the way; it has a tendancy to slam back shut.
With our first child we registered for and received the diaper genie.
You do need to tape your diaper into a bundle, otherwise the tape sticks to the cylinder and the diaper gets stuck.
We did have a problem with one of them in that the lining that makes it airtight is starting to come loose, but my husband said that the velcro from the diaper got stuck on it.
The cylinder continually got stuck, and diapers would often get stuck in the cylinder.
I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.
However, sometimes you have to brace yourself before opening the cover and tying off the bag.
Maybe as baby grows into larger diapers it will be more like 2 - 3 times a week.Still, that's better than taking every dirty diaper (8 or more a day) outside to the garbage can, especially in a Minnesota winter.
Sometimes you have to push the &quot;weight&quot; down after you flip the handle, but that just means that the pail is full and you need to change the bag.
But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
You don't have to worry about if you twisted the top enough times, tying knots in the plastic liner before the diapers go everywhere, how to cut the plastic, spending "money" for refills, etc.
Just throw your folded up diaper in the openning on the top and flip the handle the other way and its gone (one thought here that I should note...I have had to fish "Pink Bunny" out of the Diaper Champ a few times during nap time...so consider this too when easy to use is a factor in your purchace.
Sometimes you may have to shake it a little because of the way the diapers tend to pile on top of each other, but besides that, it is a wonderful product that lives up to its promise!
You would have to open it, shove a dirty diaper into a very small hole, close it... and than TURN a knob about 6 times for the diaper to make it to the base...CHANGING THE BAGS*  Remove the top off of the champ to access the bag*  Tie the bag closed, like a regular garbage bag*  Haul it to the OUTSIDE trash bin, preferably inside another bag to keep the animals away...*  Wash the container at least every other week, or spray it with a disinfectant, like Lysol or Oust.
We read the reviews for the Diaper Champ and thought we would give it a try.We saw that some of the problems were that poopy diapers could be messy and that sometimes the smell leaks through.
As my son has grown and his cloth diapers have gotten bigger, it is sometimes a challenge to stuff the diaper and cover into the cylinder so that it can turn without forcing.
He is now 6 weeks and it is getting a little more smelly and sometimes you can smell it when you walk past it in the nursery.
We have had this for 5 weeks now and its intent is well founded but the machanics or this device sometimes defeat its purpose.
There is sometimes a smell when you empty it, because you are pulling out a trash bag with smelly diapers in it.
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
This is also not sanitary, as placing the diapers inside the hole sometimes causes 'stuff' to wipe off on the inside.
Both had to be emptied and cleaned 2 or 3 times a week.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
It has only stopped up a couple of times for me, but I just move the handle back and forth and it always comes unclogged and it is usually when it needs to be changed.
Since we are new parents, we'd sometimes make a mess trying to toss a dirty diaper in, but it's SO easy to clean.
You do have to change it often (like 2-3 times per week) in order to cut down on the stink but overall it does a bang up job.
Also I don't have to bend down as much to use it, which really makes a difference when you use it 20 times a day.
I put an air freshener inside, which helped a little bit, but it still gets pretty stinky at times!
At that point I either change the bag, or if I want to get a few more diapers in before I change it, I just gently bounce the pail up and down a few times and I am able to get more diapers inside.
But, after opening it a few times, I got good at it and don't have any problems anymore.
Sometimes diapers or wipes get stuck in the push-down mechanism, which I don't like.
I do remember some odor associated with this product but as I recall those were the times it was getting pretty full!
With the Diaper Champ, I can keep one hand on baby while disposing of the diaper with the other and best of all, no refills.
It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.
It helps to keep the tunnel from getting stuck, and decreases the chance of unwanted oders leaking out.
Yes, it can be a bit tricky to open (I found using two hands works best) but then again do I want something that is holding wet and otherwise dirty diapers to open easily?
I originally put this item on my baby registry because friends of mine highly recommended the use of a diaper pail.
Now I travel quite a bit, but do not even try to take my diaper champ with me- I think that would be absurd.
When you change the bag, get in there with some Lysol spray and eliminate the germs and the residual odor (hello, if you didn't flush the toilet for a week it would stink, too - try changing the bag before it's overflowing!
:)The only down-side, is that babysitters are so "diaper genieized" they pop off the side handle trying to do it the wrong way.
So if you own one, or wanna buy one its TERRIFIC, it works "okay" without my little tips, but to keep the room fresh I would try it out, but if you dont know if you wanna buy one...
Having raw sewage sitting in your house will never smell good, so matter what product you use to try and cover it up -
Now for our third child I saw the Diaper Champ and figured why not register for it and try it out.
I would recommend this to anyone!The only downfall and why it lost a star is that it has a tendency to close when you are trying to change the bag and has torn more than one.
Just push down on the lever rather than trying to pull up.
Just watch as they try to figure how to throw away the diaper.
I had with my first child was only used a month or so and then I just used the outside trash because it was such a pain.I only gave it 4 stars because it is hard to open (I've also broken a nail trying to do it) and I wish the top unhinged all the way; it has a tendancy to slam back shut.
since it really keeps the odor inside the pail, can be a little loud as it slides down into the pail, especially in the quiet hours in the middle of the night when you're trying to get baby back to sleep.
I just spent a poopy hour trying to clean this thing.
I have also heard that some people put kitty litter at the bottom of the bag to help eliminate some of the odors, but I haven't had to try this yet.
I think there is a seal that broke (maybe because my husband liked to try and force the diapers down and didn't make sure the sticky tabs on the diaper were secure so it would get jammed) and ever since you can smell even one diaper in it.
Later, the wadding that keeps the smell in started to tear so since we were expecting a new baby, we decided to try the New Improved Diaper Champ.This thing is a pain, nothing like the first.
We read the reviews for the Diaper Champ and thought we would give it a try.We saw that some of the problems were that poopy diapers could be messy and that sometimes the smell leaks through.
Opening it.I have broken off three nails on my right hand trying to get this thing open.
After reading several reviews on diaper pails, I decided to try the Diaper Champ.
I originally had the wide open diaper genie but they stopped making the wide open liners for that model so I decided to try something new.
Since we are new parents, we'd sometimes make a mess trying to toss a dirty diaper in, but it's SO easy to clean.
Also, be sure not to try to stuff too many more diapers in once the Champ is full -- you could break the "piston" as my over-zealous husband did with our first Champ.
It sounds like from the reviews that some people get "good" versions of this product, and others, like us, get a lemon from the get-go.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
You can use any trash bag2.
The ease of use factor is amazing, drop a dirty diaper in the hole, grab the handle, give it a flip, the plunger pushes the diaper down and it drops into the can with a little gravitic help.No wrenching, turning, fighting a cartridge bag system.Opening it for the first time was a little hard, but look at that from a child's point of view, a toddler is not going to get into it, and neither is a dog.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
Very useful if you have a baby in your arms.If I have anything to do with it, I will NEVER use any other diaper pail again!
I originally put this item on my baby registry because friends of mine highly recommended the use of a diaper pail.
Perfect for the nursery or any room in the house where baby is changed.
The diaper champ is definitely easy to use and very convenient since you can use any bag.
it is very easy and covenient to use and I highly recommend it.
It is SO much easier to use than the Diaper Genie, (you need a PHD in poopy to figure out how to use the darn thing!)
I highly recommend it because it's a great value.
It is so convenient and easy to use, I would never want to be without it.
The Champ is much easier to use, much cheaper, and has much more capacity.
I should be able to convince my wife to give away the Genies since we got them for free as shower gifts; my only hesitation being that someone else would have to use them.
For the home, diaper champ is great, and is simple because you use what you already have.
):  Place a Bounce dryer sheet in the bottom of the pail (before putting the trash bag in)and spray thoroughly with Lysol after each use.
If you are conservation minded at all, you will appreciate that you can use any bag (including recycled ones) and it only uses one bag to hold a mess of diapers.
With two infants in diapers, every little bit helps!I gave only 4 stars because if you don't wrap up the diaper before using the Diaper Champ and the velcro tabs are hanging loose, they can become stuck in the shoot and you have to open the pail to free the diaper.I highly recommend the Diaper Champ as an inexpensive alternative to other diaper pails.
We loved it at first since it is so much easier to use than the diaper genie - you just drop the diaper in the slot and flip the handle.
Plus, you can use any standard garbage bags.
This a great buy, you can use any type of plastic bag you want.
Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.
Like another reviewer, I too use Lemon Scented garbage bags, but that really only makes a difference once you have tied up the bag and put it with the rest of the garbage to go out.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
I'd say find a cheap 5-10 dollar garbage pail with a tight lid and use my advice...
Having raw sewage sitting in your house will never smell good, so matter what product you use to try and cover it up -
Depending on your use you could go for a week without emptying it out.
We have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.This product has been a life saver and I recommend it highly.
If you use cloth diapers the diaper Champ is a must have, forget the diaper Genie it's a hassle for cloth diapers.
And even if you already have a Genie, if your child is going to be in diapers for more than 6 more months, go out and get a Champ because you'll be saving money in the long run by not having to buy any more refill cartridges!
They are so easy to use and don't require expensive refills.
I love that you can use regular trashbags instead of buying special ones just for the diaper pail.
****Keep in mind you should have a ready supply of bags at your baby's changing station**** This also acts like the genies sauseges, you wrap the stinky ones individually.
It's also really easy to use, all you need is one hand to drop and dispose of the diaper.
* What's not to like -- you use you're own bags.
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
The Diaper Champ uses an ordinary trash bag so saving money is just another benefit.
Now that I have used it for 16 months, here is why I still love it and recommend it to all1) No special bags to buy!!
So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.
The diaper champ is so easy and great because you can do it with one hand.
Also, when you toss wipes in without sticking them in a diaper they get stuck and cause the flipping action not to work.
We do empty it at least twice a week, but our baby uses a lot of diapers.
I wasn't interested in getting the Diaper Genie because those sausage baggy things were too much of a pain!
The greatest part to us, was that you could use oversized plastic shopping bags, etc and we just keep emptying and reusing the same bag over and over.
It's very convenient that you don't have to buy special (expensive) replacement bags for it and can use any type of kitchen trash bag.
We have never had a problem with the smell escaping.3) Easy to use.
The diaper is gone and the kids actually think it's fun to throw diapers away because they think it's magic how it disapears!!
I am starting to potty train my son, but he still has mistakes in diapers, so this still gets use.
Any possible smell is locked in, you carry it outside then open lid to change bag so no smell is ever lingering in the house.
We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
The best part is that we were able to use regular trash bags.
It is neat that you can use your own bags, but the concept of the bag sealing like the diaper genie when you put it in seems like it would work better.
I had with my first child was only used a month or so and then I just used the outside trash because it was such a pain.I only gave it 4 stars because it is hard to open (I've also broken a nail trying to do it) and I wish the top unhinged all the way; it has a tendancy to slam back shut.
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
Just throw your folded up diaper in the openning on the top and flip the handle the other way and its gone (one thought here that I should note...I have had to fish "Pink Bunny" out of the Diaper Champ a few times during nap time...so consider this too when easy to use is a factor in your purchace.
It is easy to use, fairly inexpensive, and works great!
It's very convenient to use as well.
I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.
you can use any ol' bag with this.
A big plus is that we can use regular garbage bags and we do not have to worry about getting to a store to buy special bags and wasting that money.
I knew with this child I was not going to use the diaper genie again.
This is just a fancy trashcan, because it smells bad once you put a dirty diaper in there!!
The genie because a problem with refills and odors.
I too wipe it and spray with Lysol because it is a storage unit for dirty diapers.
No odor and it is very easy to use and change.
It's simple to use and is cost efficient.
This is very easy to use and is simple to change.
As far as odor control goes, this diaper disposal system is awesome!The second positive quality of the Diaper Champ is that you can use any 13 gallon kitchen bags (or larger bags if you want to) to collect the diapers in it.
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
I actually bought it seoncd hand and still I have not problems with scents.The great thing about it is that you can use regular garbage bags.
This product is easy to use and the bags aren't hard to change.
It is easy to use and I never smell any odor coming from it.
It's great to be able to use regular diaper bags and I never have any problems with smell.
Also, it's really easy to clean -- not that it gets really dirty, but you've got to stay on top of it (again ... given what it's supposed to hold ....).An excellent addition to our baby's room ... you can also use it with one hand while you hold your little one on the changing table (no small benefit either).
We have not had ANY odor problems with the champ.I chose this diaper pail because it seemed easy to use &amp; it didn't need proprietary bags.
It is easy to use, although when you first start using it you'll need to get used to the way the release mechanism works on the lid when you change the garbage bag.
It's hard to move the knobs let alone twist them.$40 for a used diaper champ... not worth it.
I have used it for 3 days so far and am just thrilled with it.
It was easy to set up and easy to use, just drop the diaper in the cylinder and flip the handle (make sure you wrap it tight to prevent it getting caught).
But eventually, I found out that to keep it working well, you have to use a large enough garbage bag (instead of a grocery bag as I was doing).
The champ, the baby bjorn, fluerville diaper bag, and graco pack and play bassinet all vie for the best baby purchase.Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.UpdateI knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!!
I want to start by saying that there isn't a diaper pail in existence that will keep smells out of your house 100%.
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
I think there is a seal that broke (maybe because my husband liked to try and force the diapers down and didn't make sure the sticky tabs on the diaper were secure so it would get jammed) and ever since you can smell even one diaper in it.
I like the fact that you can use your own bags, but it's no longer any more effective than just a regular trash can sitting in his room with the lid up.
Sometimes you may have to shake it a little because of the way the diapers tend to pile on top of each other, but besides that, it is a wonderful product that lives up to its promise!
I've read all the reviews on all the major diaper pails, mainly because I'm dissatisfied with the Diaper Champ I own.
It is very easy to use.
The diaper champ is very easy to use.
I have 3 1/2 year old twins and a 6 month old, and I have not used my Diaper Champ since my twins were a month old.
I do change the bags often...which is very cost effective since I use old shopping bags.
The Diaper Champ is difficult to use and does not contain the smell at all!!
The larger diapers fit a little better, but the monthly cost of special Diaper Genie bags started adding up.With the birth of our second child, I refused to use the Diaper Genie.
As baby gets older, you have to change more frequently - which is OK since you can use your own bags.
I use it faithfully every day and love the ease and convenience of only having to change the bag once a week!
I love that you can use regular kitchen-size trash bags and don't need to purchase any special expensive bags.
Besides myself, my husband and mother found the Diaper Genie very frustrating to use, changing the bags required quite a bit of time and energy, all the while smelling the stinky diaper smell.
I use Clorox wipes to clean it and Lysol spray.
I use scented bags in the diaper pail, I have a deoderizer stuck on the inside of the pail, and I have an odor neutralizer on the outside of the pail.
Oh, it does work at keeping the smells out, also uses garbage bags which is great, but if you look closely, the top is actually narrower than the bottom.
!1 The best part about it is it uses REGULAR kitchen bags.
The reason I gave it two stars is the ease of use with the Champ is superior....but I simply CANT LIVE with the stinky smell of diapers!
We'd come home and every time, they'd gotten in wrong and used the cutter tool on top and cut the diaper bag like they were changing it when they just needed to put the diaper in.
On another positive note it is very easy to use and change bags.
You can also use any trash bags you already have around the house, which is why we purchased this particular diaper pail.
It can be hard to open if you have long nails, but I have found that if you just use the side of your finger instead of your fingertips then it's no problem.
We were originally going to get the Dekor (because of the looks) but realized once we saw it that we would have to change the refill bag constantly since it didn't look like it could hold much.
I've even had other Moms tell me that they can't smell dirty diapers in my house, even with 2 kids producing them.
Now I lift the lid everytime I use it.
I finally took it out of my baby's room because it was almost toxic and would blow you away when you walked in the room, no matter how often I changed the bags.
As our baby started eating solids at 5 months, and having smellier diapers, the Diaper Champ did not keep the odors completely in anymore.It is inexpensive since you can use whatever bags on hand to refill, however, you will occasionally have bouts of odor that eminate from this diaper pail.
I am the owner of a used baby store in NJ, (I have a champ there too) and this is one of my hottest items, I have several diaper genies there that just do not sell.You will not be sorry you brought the Diaper Champ.
I wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
AND you can use regular trash bags & dispose of the diaper with one hand!
It is very easy to use.
The latch is hard to open because basically you have to use the tips of your fingers to disengage it which is tricky.
The fact that I use the same bags for my kitchen as I do the champ makes it that much easier.
Reuse those plastic grocery bags for dirty diapers.
It is simpler to use than others that I have tried, and it is odor-free.
I agree with other reviews that you have to keep it clean of course -- and the easiest way Ive found so far is to spray it with clorox Lysol, let it air out, and I also use the disposable toilet cloths (scrubbing bubbles brand) and wipe everything down really good each time I take the bag out.
Most of my friends had the genie, but I had used it before.
My husband and I thought that the Diaper Champ would be the most logical, simplistic diaper disposal system because we could use our own trash bags and because we liked the simple "flip the handle" approach.
First, because of the fact that the diapers are not sealed into little "sausages"  like the Diaper Genie, the Champ can produce quite a smell.
when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it....unlike the Diaper Genie!
Its easy to use and easy to empty.
It is very nice to be able to used regular kitchen sized trash bags.
You can use regular trash bags which helps reduce the cost of expensive specialty bags.
Just use grocery bags/department store bags and empty it every 2-3 days.
I have a 3 week old and have got the genie upstairs and the champ downstairs - both hold off our odors, but the champ is MUCH easier and quicker and quieter to use!
I just roll the diapers up, put them in the hole and flip the handle.One big benefit over the DG, is that I purchased a roll of scented 8 gallon bags for about $3 before the baby and I still haven't used all the bags - my daughter will be 11 months soon!
There is sometimes a smell when you empty it, because you are pulling out a trash bag with smelly diapers in it.
I use the plastic bags from the grocery store.
The Champ is so easy to use and empty.
You can use regular supermarket plastic bags in it, it's so easy to empty, and I haven't had any problems with smells from this product.
Plus it's user friendly.
I am really interested in finding another &quot;use-any-trashbag&quot; style for sake of our finances.
I went out and bought the Diaper Champ, it uses regular kitchen bags (hint: buy the powder scented kitchen bags) its so great you never have to open a lid and have that terrible smell hit you.
I know because when you open it to empty a full bag, it smells awful.
This is much easier to use.
You can use any type of trash bag with this versus the diaper genie where you have to purchase their expensive bags.
We've used the Diaper Champ for two months now and it's been working very well.
I used a Diaper Genie with my first set of twins, and ended up switching to a regular garbage pail to save money.
I think this is b/c we do not use it as much, and diapers sit in it longer.
We preferred this model over the newer model.Its easy to use and doesn't need any special bags.We change the trash bag in the Diaper Champ once, maybe twice a week.
And use an antibacterial wipe out the chute about once a week.To contain smell and mess, we make sure that each diaper is securely closed before placing the diaper inside.
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
Love the fact this pail can use regular garbage bags.
it is tough to clean because if you fill it with bleach water and pour water into the top, the water doesn't come out easily.
The unique hopper design allows one-handed use and keeps smells from permeating the nursery.
I have had the Diaper Champ for 16 months now, and think it is pretty cost effective, compare to the Diaper Genie, but frankly I am considering buying something else, cause it really does not keep the odors in.
And it uses the same ones we use in our kitchen!
The Diaper Champ is also very easy to use and easy to change bags.
I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
We'll keep it and use it, but we're hardly thrilled.
I am having my second baby and this is one of those things that i call useless baby stuff that i wouldn't buy again.
*A helpful hint* use any odor shield trash bag and you really will not have to worry about those smelly diapers!
Not only do you not have to buy special bags, the ease of use is phenomenal.
To make sure there is no smell eminating from it, we put a box of Arm & Hammer in the bottom and use scented garbage bags- and there is NO BAD SMELL AT ALL!
We've never had a problem with smell, or operation, and love that we can use the bags we choose and not be tied down to brand-specific refill bags.
The diaper champ is super easy to use and very cost effective.
This is also not sanitary, as placing the diapers inside the hole sometimes causes 'stuff' to wipe off on the inside.
It's not that much easier to use than the Genie either.
I will use it with infant diapers only.
It keeps the smell at bay pretty well and is very easy to use.
It is so easy to use, never smells (so far) and I love that you can use your own garbage bags and do not have to purchase special bags to use with this diaper pail!
I understand that diet directly affects the odor of the diapers but since we use the babies room as a spare bedroom, it was VERY important to me that the smell stay contained.
I have had no problems with it whatsoever--it is very easy to use.
I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I believe nothing is perfect and because of the size, it takes up more space than the Diaper Genie.
We didn't even think about buying the Diaper Genie because we thought the idea of buying special bags and odor discs was ridiculous.
We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!
I love that it's one handed and not hard to use at all.
It is so much easier to use than the diaper genie and the other brands.
I chose this one because I don't have to buy the silly refill cartridges, and I'm glad I made that decision.
It is SO easy to use (even those unsaavy in the technology of modern parenting can figure the thing out...so grandpa and grandma can babysit, no problem) and the bags are a breeze to change.
The diaper champ is simple to use and no smells.
You don't have to purchase extra materials for the Diaper Champ, you can use your own trash bags.
They are so easy to use.
I will say that I use the Glad Odor Guard bags (still cheaper than the Genie refills) and empty in my garage instead of the babies room.
Because it's a little taller and doesn't have sausage links (by the way, that's a really negative when it comes time to empty), it holds more diapers.
I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.
This pail does not smell and it's so easy to use.
We change the bag quite frequently because it is after all a diaper pail.
Definitely recommend it to all who are looking for an easy to use cost efficent diaper pail.
The Diaper Genie is still working at my Mom's house but the Champ was stinky and has since broken.
The lid is difficult to open and you need to use both hands.
You can easily take them with you when you go out of the house!
Second of all it is very easy to use, even with baby in arms.
(3) Only one hand is required to use.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
I love that you can use any bag for the inside instead of being forced to buy the more expensive refills.
I use scented trash bags and spray it out with Lysol after each changing and it has yet to smell.
We like to use drawstring garbage bags, which makes it easier to close up the nasty mess before toting it right out to the outside garbage can.For twins and other multiples, the Champ beats the Genie hands down because of its volume and its use of inexpensive regular garbage can liners.
The unit is very simple to use.
You can use regular bags instead of special ones.
No odor, easy to use, and large enough where I don't have to replace the bag every 3 days, like I did with the Dekor.
The champ is easy to use (just drop in and flip), we have NO smells, and you can use regular trash bags.
We decided to buy the Diaper Champ after the second baby 'cause we heard such good things about it - and now with 2 kids we knew we would be filling it up a lot.
We actually still keep both around - and use the Diaper Genie for the bad diapers and for the quicky changes we use the Diaper Champ.
Also I don't have to bend down as much to use it, which really makes a difference when you use it 20 times a day.
You can usually get 2-3 hard flips before you must change the bag because you can't fit any more in.
What do you do with the used tissues, wipes, boxes of cream, plastic wrap from the various acoutrements you need for the baby?
They are a pain to dispose of in the diaper genie, and besides they take up valuable plastic wrap - better used for the diapers themselves.Some other review talked about the lack of the champ to keep the smell down - this might be true, but no matter what product you use, there's always a hint of smell anyway.
I am usually in a hurry and the flip handle is very easy to use.
My only complaint is that after 15 months of use, mine does not hold the odor as well.
Anything that houses human waste will only go so long before an odor kicks in.
Plus, it's easy to use, easy to keep clean, and uses any type of plastic bag.
I love that I don't have to buy expensive bags, I actually use the cheapest bags I can find.
By trash day the pail is full, easily indicated by having to push the plunger down manually because the other dirty diapers are close to the top.
I still use it, and just put up with the smell.
If I see a stain or smear of something, I just use a baby wipe to clean it off.Chances are if you smell something, it's because it's full or dirty and there is no product out there that works well when it exceeds it's capacity or isn't taken care of.
The smell issue is solved, and it is much easier to use than our old Genie.
I do like how you can use ANY garbage bag though.
i chose this over the diaper genie because i didn't want to keep pouring money into it for specific bags.
Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
This is a great diaper pail, easy to use and keeps the odor in.
It is much more cost effective then the genie b/c you don't need to keep buying the expensive bag inserts, just use any old trash bag.There is also no messing with loading a newbag like the genie.
It is easy to use & can take any type of bags... who has the time or the money to search for the special genie bags everytime you run out.
I was a little skeptical because of its simple design, but it really is so easy to use and I haven't noticed any odors since we've been using it.
I now use scented garbage bags (much economical, purchased from the dollar store).The dogs would attack the Diaper Genie because of the smell.
I use the drawstring tall kitchen garbage bags and it works perfectly!
I also like being able to use regular garbage bags and even those plastic shopping bags which is great and very economical.
If any baby waste gets smeared around the chute, or in the sliding mechanism, that mess will need to be cleaned and that's a waste of time.
If you are conservation minded at all, you will appreciate that you can use any bag (including recycled ones) and it only uses one bag to hold a mess of diapers.
And if you get any mess on the unit... wipe it up with a clorox wipe or even a baby wipe.. comes clean easily.4) The side pops open easily, I have not sustained any injuries, broken nails, whatever or had any trouble opening the blue switch to change the bag.Really a great deal.
It is easy to toss a diaper, wipes, etc in while you are changing so you don't have a mess on your changing table and then you can wait until you are through to turn the handle (which can be done easily with one hand).
The easiest thing to deal with, no hassles, no mess, no smell, no problem!
We read the reviews for the Diaper Champ and thought we would give it a try.We saw that some of the problems were that poopy diapers could be messy and that sometimes the smell leaks through.
They're great for disposing of diapers when you're out, they're great to clean up messes in the car, and THEY'RE GREAT WITH THE DIAPER CHAMP!
The little individual bags are super cheap and great for other things but if you don't have them, the poopy diapers can be a bit messy for this product.
No smell, no mess, truely one-handed and no expensive refills to have to buy and with gas prices, that is just extra when you have to drive to the store right?!?
And use an antibacterial wipe out the chute about once a week.To contain smell and mess, we make sure that each diaper is securely closed before placing the diaper inside.
When you're changing the bags on the champ, it can be messy, depending on how long you waited to change the bag, but with the Decor, you just open the front door and knot the bag even if it's full to the brim--so much easier.
I've already had several diaper tabs catch and stick to the &quot;chute&quot; mechanism, thus having to open the lid and unstick the diaper - thankfully, these were not messy ones.Lastly, the &quot;chute&quot; design itself, while a good intention overall, to help &quot;push&quot; the disposed diaper into the bin, I am finding that after about 6-8 diapers are in the bin, unless I physically shake the whole bin to distribute what's already in there, they just pile up one on top of another and then the &quot;chute&quot; doesn't go down all the way when it's flipped over to dispose of the most recent diaper in the &quot;chute&quot;.
We like to use drawstring garbage bags, which makes it easier to close up the nasty mess before toting it right out to the outside garbage can.For twins and other multiples, the Champ beats the Genie hands down because of its volume and its use of inexpensive regular garbage can liners.
Since we are new parents, we'd sometimes make a mess trying to toss a dirty diaper in, but it's SO easy to clean.
It is much more cost effective then the genie b/c you don't need to keep buying the expensive bag inserts, just use any old trash bag.There is also no messing with loading a newbag like the genie.
They have the kind that you remove a panel on each side of the box and the baking soda is inside of cheesecloth.
To make sure there is no smell eminating from it, we put a box of Arm & Hammer in the bottom and use scented garbage bags- and there is NO BAD SMELL AT ALL!
What do you do with the used tissues, wipes, boxes of cream, plastic wrap from the various acoutrements you need for the baby?
We empty it out often but even when we put a new trash bag and wipe it down and spray it down with lysol it still smells like poop.
I suppose we could buy a second one, but I don't think parents should have to buy a new "diaper pail" every six months or so for $29.99.The other minor disappointment with the Diaper Champ, as many others have mentioned, is the difficulty of opening it to empty.
So much safer than the others that require a two handed operation!
I haven't noticed any seepage of smells.I would recommend it over the others on the market.
It sounds like from the reviews that some people get "good" versions of this product, and others, like us, get a lemon from the get-go.
It is simpler to use than others that I have tried, and it is odor-free.
I read the other reviews and have not had the odor problem that others have.
I have spoken to several of other mothers who have the same problem.
As others have stated, there is a trick to starting a new batch with the Genie.
I decided to get this diaper disposal system instead of all of the others for one simple fact: NO REFILLS NEEDED!
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
Perfect for the nursery or any room in the house where baby is changed.
Sometimes you have to push the &quot;weight&quot; down after you flip the handle, but that just means that the pail is full and you need to change the bag.
When you change the bag, get in there with some Lysol spray and eliminate the germs and the residual odor (hello, if you didn't flush the toilet for a week it would stink, too - try changing the bag before it's overflowing!
And if you get any mess on the unit... wipe it up with a clorox wipe or even a baby wipe.. comes clean easily.4) The side pops open easily, I have not sustained any injuries, broken nails, whatever or had any trouble opening the blue switch to change the bag.Really a great deal.
I just sprinkle some scented baby powder or spray some Lysol Disinfectant spray everytime I change a bag, to keep it from smelling even a little bit.I highly recommend the Champ, you will not regret it!!
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
:)  I love the Diaper Champ - you can operate it with one hand (allowing you a free hand to hold down a squirming baby on the changing table), no special bags to purchase, and odor-free if you stay on top of changing the bag and spraying with Lysol every few bag changes.
If you want to thwart an odor problem do the following:-Fold the diaper over and close it.-Remember to change the bags!!!
When you do change the bag spray with Lysol, and add a stick on deodorizer, or a car air freshener.
And when you change the bag, the odor of the diapers remains, so you have to either wipe the pail down with Clorox or PineSol, and for added measure, spray it with Lysol.
The Diaper Champ has held up to now, but we are considering a change.
You do need to disenfect it when you change the bag, but I would recommend that with any product that is a holding tank for feces (you have to disinfect your toilets, too).I have recommended the Diaper Champ over the genie to every one of my friends.
I would recommend this to anyone!The only downfall and why it lost a star is that it has a tendency to close when you are trying to change the bag and has torn more than one.
You almost want to change the bag outside!
The only foul aroma you will smell is when you change the trash bag.
So in the last few months, the smell becomes noticible in the room after only a few diapers have been added and the smell is really strong when you change bags.
Any possible smell is locked in, you carry it outside then open lid to change bag so no smell is ever lingering in the house.
It seems like we change diapers all the time and it holds so many!
With one baby i only had to change the bag once a week.It is now 2008 and i've had 2 more children (4 total) since I originally wrote this review.
Even the old pail hardly smelled bad to me, I think after you have changed diapers for 4 years, you get somewhat immune to it.
We change bags twice a week (I'm sure as our boy gets older, it will have to be more frequent!).
It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.
I changed to Gallon zip-locs, you can stuff a few diapers in a gallon zip loc and discard.
And I just changed the bag yesterday!
No odor and it is very easy to use and change.
This is very easy to use and is simple to change.
The common complaint about the diapers catching is balogna ... when they don't go down, the pail is full and it is time to change the bag.
So we have to change the bag in it very frequently.
I expect that as she continues to grow I will just need to change the bag more often.
This product is easy to use and the bags aren't hard to change.
It is easy to use, although when you first start using it you'll need to get used to the way the release mechanism works on the lid when you change the garbage bag.
Usually the odor is not really a problem if you change the bags frequently, but if you don't have a chance to change the bags just put a poopy diaper in a  plastic grocery bag before throwing it in the diaper champ.
It holds a lot of diapers so it doesn't need to be changed every day.
I exchanged my Diaper Genie for this on the recommendation of a friend and I have so not been disappointed.
We do change the bag about ever 3-4 days (keep in mind we have TWO TIMES the diapers) and wash it out frequently as well.
There's no smell except for the brief moments when you change the bag.
I do change the bags often...which is very cost effective since I use old shopping bags.
My SIL changes her bag every 2/3 days and she has no problems with odor!
As baby gets older, you have to change more frequently - which is OK since you can use your own bags.
I use it faithfully every day and love the ease and convenience of only having to change the bag once a week!
maybe it's not big enough), and when you change bags you do get a whiff of bad smell, but the smelly time is very short in comparison.
On another positive note it is very easy to use and change bags.
You cannot smell diapers-unless of course you don't change it or clean out.
I change the bag every 5-6 days or so.
We were originally going to get the Dekor (because of the looks) but realized once we saw it that we would have to change the refill bag constantly since it didn't look like it could hold much.
No matter how often you change the bag and clean the thing, the diaper champ emits the odor of the smelly diaper into the room.
So I just change it once a week and it's the best, no expensive refills AND NO SMELLS!!
I finally took it out of my baby's room because it was almost toxic and would blow you away when you walked in the room, no matter how often I changed the bags.
I just spray with a little Lysol at the time of bag change and it is as good as new.
Fortunately Babies R Us will allow you to exchange the damaged item if it has been 90 days or less.
It is not odorless, it is hard to change, and not the greatest product ever.
She would have to change the bag in the Diaper Genie every half day if she had that!
For me, the only time I experience an odor is when I change the bags.
I changed my trash bags often, put dirty diapers in Ziploc bags, sprayed Lysol, bought a Glade plug-in:)...still smelled odors.
We preferred this model over the newer model.Its easy to use and doesn't need any special bags.We change the trash bag in the Diaper Champ once, maybe twice a week.
The only complaint is when it gets too full the handle/chute part gets jammed and can be hard to un-jam, but I guess that's what happens when I don't change it often enough.
And about having to change the bag often, once again we are talking about DIRTY DIAPERS!!!
The Diaper Champ is also very easy to use and easy to change bags.
We change our son, put the diper in the champ and give it one turn.
We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!
This fills up quite quickly, I have to change it twice weekly (stay at home mom), so it doesn't smell to me.
It is SO easy to use (even those unsaavy in the technology of modern parenting can figure the thing out...so grandpa and grandma can babysit, no problem) and the bags are a breeze to change.
This really does keep the smell in.With having twins, we change the bag every couple of days.
When you're changing the bags on the champ, it can be messy, depending on how long you waited to change the bag, but with the Decor, you just open the front door and knot the bag even if it's full to the brim--so much easier.
We change the bag quite frequently because it is after all a diaper pail.
We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
Yes, it might briefly smell when you change out the pail but I can't imagine other systems aren't the same way.
It has only stopped up a couple of times for me, but I just move the handle back and forth and it always comes unclogged and it is usually when it needs to be changed.
And the obvious, change the bag every couple days to eliminate the smell... don't expect to leave it there for a week and have it smell like roses!2.
I just Lysol the bin each time I change the bag and it stays clean and odor free!!
You do have to change it often (like 2-3 times per week) in order to cut down on the stink but overall it does a bang up job.
We actually still keep both around - and use the Diaper Genie for the bad diapers and for the quicky changes we use the Diaper Champ.
We change the bag about every 5 days when its full, which every 5 days is not bad at all!
You can usually get 2-3 hard flips before you must change the bag because you can't fit any more in.
Its easy to open and remove bag when its time to change the trash bag.
The chute doesn't go down all the way if you let the bag get too full- it's kind of your signal to change bags.
(though you need to change the bag after 7 days or so if the weather is warm, but the same is true with the Genie...I mean come on now...it is a bag of poo and pee).So I bought a 2nd Champ and sold the Genie to a 2nd hand store.
At that point I either change the bag, or if I want to get a few more diapers in before I change it, I just gently bounce the pail up and down a few times and I am able to get more diapers inside.
It's not too loud but it can possibly disturb a sleeping baby.-- the latch that allows the whole top to be lifted up in order to change the bag is in an awkward position and is a little tough to pull open.
as a result we change her in the laundry room.
It's a cinch to change the bags.
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
Definitely recommend it to all who are looking for an easy to use cost efficent diaper pail.
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
It takes the plastic grocery store bags that everyone has too many of.
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
In fact, I'm buying the Diaper Champ for everyone I know who's having a baby shower, so they don't make the same mistake we did!
(When done flipping the cylinder you do need to manually push the cylinder all the way down into the unit.)
Also, if you don't keep the dirty wipes enclosed in the diaper, they get this thing all dirty and you have to clean it!
It is easy to toss a diaper, wipes, etc in while you are changing so you don't have a mess on your changing table and then you can wait until you are through to turn the handle (which can be done easily with one hand).
Also, when you toss wipes in without sticking them in a diaper they get stuck and cause the flipping action not to work.
We have cured the smell by keeping handy a container of bleach-wipes, and frequently wiping thoroughly in and out of the drum.
I clean it every other week with Clorox wipes and they keep it nice and fresh.
We were so disapointed to find out that it does not hold a full laundry load of diapers and cloth wipes.
I use Clorox wipes to clean it and Lysol spray.
I have cleaned it with clorox wipes, sprinkled baking soda in it, and it still reeks.
It came loose, we had to pull it out &amp; there were dirty wipes stuck in there, too.
I even tried wiping with Lysol or Clorox wipes daily &amp; those things are just a waste of time, effort and money.
The design of the Genie also resolves the need to tightly close the diaper, and the problem of the wipes soiling the side walls of the Champs's chamber.Yes, you have to buy the cartridges, but stock up when there is a sale, and the extra money isn't such a big deal.Take it from someone who has had both, buy the Diaper Genie.
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
What do you do with the used tissues, wipes, boxes of cream, plastic wrap from the various acoutrements you need for the baby?
Sometimes diapers or wipes get stuck in the push-down mechanism, which I don't like.
We are also VERY careful to be sure any dirty diapers are sealed (by the tape) with the wipes wrapped up inside, so that nothing gets on the part of the pail where you drop the diaper in.
Once a week take a couple Clorox wipes and wipe inside the hole where you put the dirty diaper, to clean any yucky leftover residue, flip the handle and do the other side, then wipe down the handle.5.
Maybe as baby grows into larger diapers it will be more like 2 - 3 times a week.Still, that's better than taking every dirty diaper (8 or more a day) outside to the garbage can, especially in a Minnesota winter.
Fitting the bag and wrapping it around the interior gate is another inconvenience.A person really interested in controlling the stink is better off using any old garbage can lined with a bag, and on a daily basis changing it, and tying it off.
Plus, you can use any standard garbage bags.
Like another reviewer, I too use Lemon Scented garbage bags, but that really only makes a difference once you have tied up the bag and put it with the rest of the garbage to go out.
I'd say find a cheap 5-10 dollar garbage pail with a tight lid and use my advice...
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.
I buy cheap store-brand garbage bags and I am able to fill the diaper pail all the way and it still doesn't smell.
The pail locks tight against curious toddlers, it uses regular garbage bags instead of expensive inserts like the diaper genie that really don't keep the odor locked in any better anyways, and it is easy to use.
A big plus is that we can use regular garbage bags and we do not have to worry about getting to a store to buy special bags and wasting that money.
We compared this too the other one and decided we liked the idea of the common garbage bag better.
I actually bought it seoncd hand and still I have not problems with scents.The great thing about it is that you can use regular garbage bags.
It is easy to use, although when you first start using it you'll need to get used to the way the release mechanism works on the lid when you change the garbage bag.
But eventually, I found out that to keep it working well, you have to use a large enough garbage bag (instead of a grocery bag as I was doing).
Mine is now in a closet and I'm using a regular garbage pail.
Those go right in the garbage outside!
You would have to open it, shove a dirty diaper into a very small hole, close it... and than TURN a knob about 6 times for the diaper to make it to the base...CHANGING THE BAGS*  Remove the top off of the champ to access the bag*  Tie the bag closed, like a regular garbage bag*  Haul it to the OUTSIDE trash bin, preferably inside another bag to keep the animals away...*  Wash the container at least every other week, or spray it with a disinfectant, like Lysol or Oust.
Oh, it does work at keeping the smells out, also uses garbage bags which is great, but if you look closely, the top is actually narrower than the bottom.
Think about it, would you put a garbage can with rotting food in the baby's room?
It does not smell, and it holds any garbage bags.
I used a Diaper Genie with my first set of twins, and ended up switching to a regular garbage pail to save money.
Love the fact this pail can use regular garbage bags.
I have 2 dogs and was a little worried about diapers being in garbage cans so after reading many reviews, got the Camp and wouldn't live without it.I have no odors from the champ, nor do I find that it gets dirty.
To make sure there is no smell eminating from it, we put a box of Arm & Hammer in the bottom and use scented garbage bags- and there is NO BAD SMELL AT ALL!
But it's just the nature of garbage.
It is so easy to use, never smells (so far) and I love that you can use your own garbage bags and do not have to purchase special bags to use with this diaper pail!
Now you're taking out an extra bag of garbage every day or two!!
A VERY SMELLY extra bag of garbage (it literally makes you gag when you take the top off of it!).
We like to use drawstring garbage bags, which makes it easier to close up the nasty mess before toting it right out to the outside garbage can.For twins and other multiples, the Champ beats the Genie hands down because of its volume and its use of inexpensive regular garbage can liners.
I do like how you can use ANY garbage bag though.
I now use scented garbage bags (much economical, purchased from the dollar store).The dogs would attack the Diaper Genie because of the smell.
I use the drawstring tall kitchen garbage bags and it works perfectly!
I also like being able to use regular garbage bags and even those plastic shopping bags which is great and very economical.
This fills up quite quickly, I have to change it twice weekly (stay at home mom), so it doesn't smell to me.
The diaper genie is not odorless, but it does a much better job of keeping the room fresh smelling for a longer period before you have to empty it.
I suppose we could buy a second one, but I don't think parents should have to buy a new "diaper pail" every six months or so for $29.99.The other minor disappointment with the Diaper Champ, as many others have mentioned, is the difficulty of opening it to empty.
Now her room reeks after every poopy diaper so we either have to empty this thing once or twice a day - which is very wasteful and inconvenient - or put up with the smell, which of course, we are not willing to do.
Depending on your use you could go for a week without emptying it out.
We do empty it at least twice a week, but our baby uses a lot of diapers.
It is easy to empty by just pulling up on the drawstrings.
And as for emptying it too often, I have never emptied ours more than once a week, and besides, would you REALLY want to leave old diapers sitting around any longer than a week??
The greatest part to us, was that you could use oversized plastic shopping bags, etc and we just keep emptying and reusing the same bag over and over.
We empty it no more than 2x per week, on average 1x per week.
Believe me, when you're only getting 3-4 hours of sleep a night, day-to-day tasks like emptying this thing (or eating  regularly or showering for that matter) will be forgotten.
I empty it every other day so that his room doesn't have the odor of dirty diapers.
No special bags needed so I can use my every day kitchen trash bags when I need to empty and virtually no smell from stinky diapers- you can't beat that!
The lever that supposed to push them down just sits on top of them and when you empty the bag there is still tons of room.
Opening the pail to empty the bag is a little difficult, but it's better than having to buy special bags for it.
Its easy to use and easy to empty.
Just use grocery bags/department store bags and empty it every 2-3 days.
There is never a smell and is so easy to empty.
Cons: kind of bulky and heavy even when empty, difficult to open lid for changing.
We empty it out often but even when we put a new trash bag and wipe it down and spray it down with lysol it still smells like poop.
There is sometimes a smell when you empty it, because you are pulling out a trash bag with smelly diapers in it.
The Champ is so easy to use and empty.
You can use regular supermarket plastic bags in it, it's so easy to empty, and I haven't had any problems with smells from this product.
I know because when you open it to empty a full bag, it smells awful.
It is not anymore difficult than emptying my kitchen trashcan and it smells a lot better!
I will say that I use the Glad Odor Guard bags (still cheaper than the Genie refills) and empty in my garage instead of the babies room.
Because it's a little taller and doesn't have sausage links (by the way, that's a really negative when it comes time to empty), it holds more diapers.
It's not perfect but if you regularly empty the pail it works well.
Also, it creates such a stench when you empty it that it forces you to do it outside of your home.
When it was timeto empty the genie you would need a gas mask.
I empty it daily and give the inside and the plunger (both sides) a quick spray of the Lysol.
We empty the bag about 2x a week and our child is on solids!
While some my complain that it's not &quot;odor-proof&quot;, you do need to empty it at least once a week, but why wouldn't you.
Also, making sure that the tape on the diapers is secure will prevent that from happening as well.2.
I recommend wiping it out with a disinfectant wipe each item as well as wiping down the part where you put the diapers into and flip.
This is cheaper than the genie for one, and works just as well in terms of trapping odor.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
The original Diaper Champ worked well but this one is horrible!
My doctors office has one in the lobby as well for dirty diapers and you can't smell a thing.
We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
It's very convenient to use as well.
It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.
I have never had a problem with odor, and it is truely one hand operable, as well as taking less than a second to operate.
But eventually, I found out that to keep it working well, you have to use a large enough garbage bag (instead of a grocery bag as I was doing).
We do change the bag about ever 3-4 days (keep in mind we have TWO TIMES the diapers) and wash it out frequently as well.
but you have to keep the area clean, and do your part to make the area smell free as well.
We have had this for 5 weeks now and its intent is well founded but the machanics or this device sometimes defeat its purpose.
Well then you  now need to clean the pail as well as the baby.
We've been using our Diaper Champ for over a year now, & though some stink escapes with the occasional "real dirty" diaper, it does control odor very well.
and currently our daughter is still in with us in the bedroom, so that means the diaper pail is as well.
We've used the Diaper Champ for two months now and it's been working very well.
It keeps the smell at bay pretty well and is very easy to use.
It was well worth the investment!!!
It's not perfect but if you regularly empty the pail it works well.
My only complaint is that after 15 months of use, mine does not hold the odor as well.
If I see a stain or smear of something, I just use a baby wipe to clean it off.Chances are if you smell something, it's because it's full or dirty and there is no product out there that works well when it exceeds it's capacity or isn't taken care of.
It's so easy to pop a bag in or out as well.
I should be able to convince my wife to give away the Genies since we got them for free as shower gifts; my only hesitation being that someone else would have to use them.
I am giving them as gifts to all my friend having babies.
This is a great baby shower gift!
Make sure the grip part of the diaper is not loose when placed in the DC.
The company does send free replacement seals and instructions if you call and ask.2.
My only problem was that when I forgot to replace the bag, and had to dump the contents directly into the washing machine, it was extremely awkward and smelly, but I wouldn't recommend not using a bag, this was my own fault.
So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.
It's very convenient that you don't have to buy special (expensive) replacement bags for it and can use any type of kitchen trash bag.
It reeks of retained vile diaper odor AND the stupid design makes it very difficult to replace the bag with 2 hands.
Plan on buying a 2nd system down the road to replace this one.
Baby Trend will not provide replacemdnt parts after 6 months and even then only with a reciept.
We replaced it with the NEW Diaper Genie and we have NO more odors (even after 6 or 7 dirty diapers), so we know that it was the pail!
Now it can no loner retain the stinkiness and we're looking for a replacement.
Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.
No odor, easy to use, and large enough where I don't have to replace the bag every 3 days, like I did with the Dekor.
The company does send free replacement seals and instructions if you call and ask.2.
Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.
It is neat that you can use your own bags, but the concept of the bag sealing like the diaper genie when you put it in seems like it would work better.
I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.
This creates a tighter seal and helps to reduce odor.One thing, the diaper champ cover is damned hard to open.
I think there is a seal that broke (maybe because my husband liked to try and force the diapers down and didn't make sure the sticky tabs on the diaper were secure so it would get jammed) and ever since you can smell even one diaper in it.
First, because of the fact that the diapers are not sealed into little "sausages"  like the Diaper Genie, the Champ can produce quite a smell.
There is nothing sealing the smells in.
My third gripe is that small parts of the diaper will often get caught in the sealing mechanism, causing it to stick.
Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.
The only way I was able to dislodge it was to tear out the seal.
We are also VERY careful to be sure any dirty diapers are sealed (by the tape) with the wipes wrapped up inside, so that nothing gets on the part of the pail where you drop the diaper in.
Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
Too costly and not efficient if you ask me!THIS PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
Biggest advantages over it's biggest competitor (Diaper Genie)...  no costly refills, and you only need one hand to operate.
You can buy like 100 bags for the cost of one diaper genie refill.
Very cost efficient, and no stinky diapers in the trash!
It's simple to use and is cost efficient.
I do change the bags often...which is very cost effective since I use old shopping bags.
The larger diapers fit a little better, but the monthly cost of special Diaper Genie bags started adding up.With the birth of our second child, I refused to use the Diaper Genie.
Cheap ziplocks are easy to take with you - will work at home or for travel - and will cost about the same as a refill cartridge MINUS the $30-some bucks for the canister.
You can use regular trash bags which helps reduce the cost of expensive specialty bags.
You know they make the money off of the recurring costs of those refills and not the Genie itself.
A roll of 1000 bags cost me about $6 or $7 (which is about what one refill costs for the Genie).
I have had the Diaper Champ for 16 months now, and think it is pretty cost effective, compare to the Diaper Genie, but frankly I am considering buying something else, cause it really does not keep the odors in.
The diaper champ is super easy to use and very cost effective.
I have been truly thrilled with the quality and cost-effectiveness of the Diaper Champ -- so much so that I am buying a SECOND one today so we can retire the old one.
Definitely recommend it to all who are looking for an easy to use cost efficent diaper pail.
It should probably cost half what it does.
My friends recommended against the other options, which they claimed they worked for awhile, but soon became cost ineffective and smelled.
It is much more cost effective then the genie b/c you don't need to keep buying the expensive bag inserts, just use any old trash bag.There is also no messing with loading a newbag like the genie.
We compared this too the other one and decided we liked the idea of the common garbage bag better.
BRILLIANT idea...didn't have to run up the stairs just to throw the diaper out.
As a first-time mom, I got the great idea that cloth would be better, and this was the only diaper disposal that advertised compatibility with cloth diapers.
I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
We didn't even think about buying the Diaper Genie because we thought the idea of buying special bags and odor discs was ridiculous.
I thought about getting the Diaper Genie, but I didn't like the idea of having to buy expensive bags or using so much effort to dispose of the diaper.
I love that you can use any bag for the inside instead of being forced to buy the more expensive refills.
It latches very tightly.My advice if you have already purchased this pail is to make sure that absolutely no "residue" whatsoever is outside of the diaper.
What a hassle!Our recommendation: buy a tall trash barrel with a foot lever, and if your toddler gets curious attach an appliance latch.
When releasing the latch (which is, wonderfully, a one-handed job, although it can be a tad bit difficult to squeeze), it springs open rather sharply.
The latch is hard to open because basically you have to use the tips of your fingers to disengage it which is tricky.
The latch is a little difficult to open, but I think that is a good thing since my eleven month old loves opening and playing with things she shouldn't be.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
(If you peek around the latch, you can see that there is open circulation into the diaper bag where odors flow freely).
It's not too loud but it can possibly disturb a sleeping baby.-- the latch that allows the whole top to be lifted up in order to change the bag is in an awkward position and is a little tough to pull open.
With two infants in diapers, every little bit helps!I gave only 4 stars because if you don't wrap up the diaper before using the Diaper Champ and the velcro tabs are hanging loose, they can become stuck in the shoot and you have to open the pail to free the diaper.I highly recommend the Diaper Champ as an inexpensive alternative to other diaper pails.
When you are a first time mom and on a tight budget every little bit helps.
Having raw sewage sitting in your house will never smell good, so matter what product you use to try and cover it up -
Believe me, when you're only getting 3-4 hours of sleep a night, day-to-day tasks like emptying this thing (or eating  regularly or showering for that matter) will be forgotten.
No matter how often you change the bag and clean the thing, the diaper champ emits the odor of the smelly diaper into the room.
I finally took it out of my baby's room because it was almost toxic and would blow you away when you walked in the room, no matter how often I changed the bags.
They are a pain to dispose of in the diaper genie, and besides they take up valuable plastic wrap - better used for the diapers themselves.Some other review talked about the lack of the champ to keep the smell down - this might be true, but no matter what product you use, there's always a hint of smell anyway.
Get the wipe in there really good to be sure you are reaching the foam.
Also, if you don't keep the dirty wipes enclosed in the diaper, they get this thing all dirty and you have to clean it!
Like the lady below said a Clorox wipe with some Lysol and your set to go.
I recommend wiping it out with a disinfectant wipe each item as well as wiping down the part where you put the diapers into and flip.
And if you get any mess on the unit... wipe it up with a clorox wipe or even a baby wipe.. comes clean easily.4) The side pops open easily, I have not sustained any injuries, broken nails, whatever or had any trouble opening the blue switch to change the bag.Really a great deal.
Which on the surface doesn't sound bad, but is really annoying when you want to wipe down the changing pad or clean up some last minute spit up/ missed spot.Pros:- uses regular trash bags- easy to change bags- tell tale signs of when to change bags (gets more difficult to turn the handle, and need to jiggle the trash can to create more room)- controls smell well- dog hasn't found a way into itCons:- can't throw away anything thin for fear of getting it tossed back at me
It is easy to toss a diaper, wipes, etc in while you are changing so you don't have a mess on your changing table and then you can wait until you are through to turn the handle (which can be done easily with one hand).
And when you change the bag, the odor of the diapers remains, so you have to either wipe the pail down with Clorox or PineSol, and for added measure, spray it with Lysol.
Also, when you toss wipes in without sticking them in a diaper they get stuck and cause the flipping action not to work.
We have cured the smell by keeping handy a container of bleach-wipes, and frequently wiping thoroughly in and out of the drum.
I clean it every other week with Clorox wipes and they keep it nice and fresh.
I too wipe it and spray with Lysol because it is a storage unit for dirty diapers.
We were so disapointed to find out that it does not hold a full laundry load of diapers and cloth wipes.
I use Clorox wipes to clean it and Lysol spray.
I have cleaned it with clorox wipes, sprinkled baking soda in it, and it still reeks.
I agree with other reviews that you have to keep it clean of course -- and the easiest way Ive found so far is to spray it with clorox Lysol, let it air out, and I also use the disposable toilet cloths (scrubbing bubbles brand) and wipe everything down really good each time I take the bag out.
It came loose, we had to pull it out &amp; there were dirty wipes stuck in there, too.
I even tried wiping with Lysol or Clorox wipes daily &amp; those things are just a waste of time, effort and money.
We empty it out often but even when we put a new trash bag and wipe it down and spray it down with lysol it still smells like poop.
It is very easy to clean and I spray it with bleach water and wipe it down before replacing a new trash bag.
The design of the Genie also resolves the need to tightly close the diaper, and the problem of the wipes soiling the side walls of the Champs's chamber.Yes, you have to buy the cartridges, but stock up when there is a sale, and the extra money isn't such a big deal.Take it from someone who has had both, buy the Diaper Genie.
And use an antibacterial wipe out the chute about once a week.To contain smell and mess, we make sure that each diaper is securely closed before placing the diaper inside.
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
This is also not sanitary, as placing the diapers inside the hole sometimes causes 'stuff' to wipe off on the inside.
What do you do with the used tissues, wipes, boxes of cream, plastic wrap from the various acoutrements you need for the baby?
It's also easy to wipe down.
Sometimes diapers or wipes get stuck in the push-down mechanism, which I don't like.
If I see a stain or smear of something, I just use a baby wipe to clean it off.Chances are if you smell something, it's because it's full or dirty and there is no product out there that works well when it exceeds it's capacity or isn't taken care of.
We are also VERY careful to be sure any dirty diapers are sealed (by the tape) with the wipes wrapped up inside, so that nothing gets on the part of the pail where you drop the diaper in.
Once a week take a couple Clorox wipes and wipe inside the hole where you put the dirty diaper, to clean any yucky leftover residue, flip the handle and do the other side, then wipe down the handle.5.
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
It's not perfect but if you regularly empty the pail it works well.
If I see a stain or smear of something, I just use a baby wipe to clean it off.Chances are if you smell something, it's because it's full or dirty and there is no product out there that works well when it exceeds it's capacity or isn't taken care of.
Now her room reeks after every poopy diaper so we either have to empty this thing once or twice a day - which is very wasteful and inconvenient - or put up with the smell, which of course, we are not willing to do.
We do empty it at least twice a week, but our baby uses a lot of diapers.
We change bags twice a week (I'm sure as our boy gets older, it will have to be more frequent!).
When you think of the price of a refil, come on, do you need to think twice.
I usually take the diapers out twice a week and it works wonderful.
We have emptied it about once or twice a week so far (our son is 5 months) and that has been enough.
We preferred this model over the newer model.Its easy to use and doesn't need any special bags.We change the trash bag in the Diaper Champ once, maybe twice a week.
It is hard to get stuff out of this space.We've only noticed something in this space once or twice.
This fills up quite quickly, I have to change it twice weekly (stay at home mom), so it doesn't smell to me.
It is easy to toss a diaper, wipes, etc in while you are changing so you don't have a mess on your changing table and then you can wait until you are through to turn the handle (which can be done easily with one hand).
The greatest part to us, was that you could use oversized plastic shopping bags, etc and we just keep emptying and reusing the same bag over and over.
You don't have to worry about if you twisted the top enough times, tying knots in the plastic liner before the diapers go everywhere, how to cut the plastic, spending "money" for refills, etc.
If any baby waste gets smeared around the chute, or in the sliding mechanism, that mess will need to be cleaned and that's a waste of time.
Yes, if you don't wrap up the poopy wipies in the dirty diaper, you will have to clean poop from the chute (just wrap it up).
And use an antibacterial wipe out the chute about once a week.To contain smell and mess, we make sure that each diaper is securely closed before placing the diaper inside.
The only complaint is when it gets too full the handle/chute part gets jammed and can be hard to un-jam, but I guess that's what happens when I don't change it often enough.
I've already had several diaper tabs catch and stick to the &quot;chute&quot; mechanism, thus having to open the lid and unstick the diaper - thankfully, these were not messy ones.Lastly, the &quot;chute&quot; design itself, while a good intention overall, to help &quot;push&quot; the disposed diaper into the bin, I am finding that after about 6-8 diapers are in the bin, unless I physically shake the whole bin to distribute what's already in there, they just pile up one on top of another and then the &quot;chute&quot; doesn't go down all the way when it's flipped over to dispose of the most recent diaper in the &quot;chute&quot;.
The chute doesn't go down all the way if you let the bag get too full- it's kind of your signal to change bags.
If any baby waste gets smeared around the chute, or in the sliding mechanism, that mess will need to be cleaned and that's a waste of time.
That makes the heavy center portion slide back and forth FAST, and sure enough she caught her finger and started yowling.This was *not* an isolated incident -- if you play with the pail a little bit, you'll quickly see that the mechanism is a total finger trap for toddlers.
It is easy to use, although when you first start using it you'll need to get used to the way the release mechanism works on the lid when you change the garbage bag.
The diaper hangs from the cylinder mechanism and needs to be pulled through.
The Diaper Champ required less assembly than indicated in the manual, and the mechanism is quite clever.
It is important to really fold in the sticky tabs on the diapers, or they will become stuck in the works and jam up the whole mechanism.Otherwise, it's great!
(I know, that's weird - but it really is a cool little mechanism).
My third gripe is that small parts of the diaper will often get caught in the sealing mechanism, causing it to stick.
I've already had several diaper tabs catch and stick to the &quot;chute&quot; mechanism, thus having to open the lid and unstick the diaper - thankfully, these were not messy ones.Lastly, the &quot;chute&quot; design itself, while a good intention overall, to help &quot;push&quot; the disposed diaper into the bin, I am finding that after about 6-8 diapers are in the bin, unless I physically shake the whole bin to distribute what's already in there, they just pile up one on top of another and then the &quot;chute&quot; doesn't go down all the way when it's flipped over to dispose of the most recent diaper in the &quot;chute&quot;.
1) Each diaper is contained in its own litte pouch via the Genie's twisting mechanism.
Sometimes diapers or wipes get stuck in the push-down mechanism, which I don't like.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
My only complaint is that when you flip the thing over to make it send the diaper into the bag, it can get caught, smearing the diaper's contents onto other parts of the pail (I know, ewww)if it isn't closed up tightly.All in all I like it and don't see any reason to buy another disposal system at this time.
The reason I gave it two stars is the ease of use with the Champ is superior....but I simply CANT LIVE with the stinky smell of diapers!
This product does not work for the following reasons:1.
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
Not long after I started using the champ the blue name disks on the sides started just falling out for no reason.
We purchased a convenient, odor-containing pail for a reasonable price and we don't have to purchase expensive refills.
It is easy to use, although when you first start using it you'll need to get used to the way the release mechanism works on the lid when you change the garbage bag.
I can't say enough great things about it.
Just take it outside right away was the only solution anyone could offer.Stubborn me, I kept looking - and I am SO GLAD I did!
It is easy to use, although when you first start using it you'll need to get used to the way the release mechanism works on the lid when you change the garbage bag.
I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I believe nothing is perfect and because of the size, it takes up more space than the Diaper Genie.
I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.
I recommend Diaper Champ to anyone looking for a diaper pail that actually works.
This is cheaper than the genie for one, and works just as well in terms of trapping odor.
So if you own one, or wanna buy one its TERRIFIC, it works "okay" without my little tips, but to keep the room fresh I would try it out, but if you dont know if you wanna buy one...
my busy toddler can't get into the diaper pail and it really works well with controlling odor (hint- use the scented garbage bags and little blue diaper sacks for smelly poops).
After a third trip to the store we finally found a Diaper Champ that works.
I just put in a plastic shopping bag and then throw that into the kitchen bag when it's full.Visitors to your home may wonder how it works.
It is easy to use, fairly inexpensive, and works great!
It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.
Hopefully, we can get another one for the new baby and maintain it properly from the beginning!This is a great product that really works.
It is easy to use, although when you first start using it you'll need to get used to the way the release mechanism works on the lid when you change the garbage bag.
I usually take the diapers out twice a week and it works wonderful.
It works great and cleans up very easily.
We've been using ours for going on 5 years and it works wonderful.
It is important to really fold in the sticky tabs on the diapers, or they will become stuck in the works and jam up the whole mechanism.Otherwise, it's great!
Yes, it can be a bit tricky to open (I found using two hands works best) but then again do I want something that is holding wet and otherwise dirty diapers to open easily?
It works like advertised and keeps the odors at bay.
It's not perfect but if you regularly empty the pail it works well.
I have no complaints about this product- it works great for me!
If I see a stain or smear of something, I just use a baby wipe to clean it off.Chances are if you smell something, it's because it's full or dirty and there is no product out there that works well when it exceeds it's capacity or isn't taken care of.
I use the drawstring tall kitchen garbage bags and it works perfectly!
Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.
If you really want to save money, but still get a quality product, buy the Diaper Champ.I had a friend recommend it to me, and another friend recommend the Diaper Dekor.
The ease of use factor is amazing, drop a dirty diaper in the hole, grab the handle, give it a flip, the plunger pushes the diaper down and it drops into the can with a little gravitic help.No wrenching, turning, fighting a cartridge bag system.Opening it for the first time was a little hard, but look at that from a child's point of view, a toddler is not going to get into it, and neither is a dog.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
We loved it at first since it is so much easier to use than the diaper genie - you just drop the diaper in the slot and flip the handle.
It's also really easy to use, all you need is one hand to drop and dispose of the diaper.
One hand to drop the diaper in and then flip the handle.
The Diaper Champ, in contrast, let's you simply drop the diaper into a shute which is atop the device, then flip knob, and, voila, it's gone - no awkward stuffing into internal chamber.
It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.
It was easy to set up and easy to use, just drop the diaper in the cylinder and flip the handle (make sure you wrap it tight to prevent it getting caught).
Just drop in and turn.
Just drop in and turn.
Park this thing right next to the changing table, and just drop the diaper in as you go.
It is very easy to drop the diaper in.
The champ is easy to use (just drop in and flip), we have NO smells, and you can use regular trash bags.
We are also VERY careful to be sure any dirty diapers are sealed (by the tape) with the wipes wrapped up inside, so that nothing gets on the part of the pail where you drop the diaper in.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
You put a dirty diaper in the hole, and flip the handle to dump the diaper into the champ.
The ease of use factor is amazing, drop a dirty diaper in the hole, grab the handle, give it a flip, the plunger pushes the diaper down and it drops into the can with a little gravitic help.No wrenching, turning, fighting a cartridge bag system.Opening it for the first time was a little hard, but look at that from a child's point of view, a toddler is not going to get into it, and neither is a dog.
Just put the diaper in the hole and flip the handle over.
Nothing is nastier than digging toys out of a bag of soiled diapers!Also, if a diaper is very soiled, the hole for depositing the diaper can become smeared and then when you flip the diaper into the pail the weight further smears the poo and it is difficult to clean.I combine the Champ & Genie by using the Champ for wets and the genie for poo.
My kids all love to watch the diapers disapear into the hole, they laugh at it every time.
You would have to open it, shove a dirty diaper into a very small hole, close it... and than TURN a knob about 6 times for the diaper to make it to the base...CHANGING THE BAGS*  Remove the top off of the champ to access the bag*  Tie the bag closed, like a regular garbage bag*  Haul it to the OUTSIDE trash bin, preferably inside another bag to keep the animals away...*  Wash the container at least every other week, or spray it with a disinfectant, like Lysol or Oust.
I am constantly telling them not to put their hand into the hole the dirty diapers go in - Just gross since the diapers directly touch this area with no liner!2.
It is important to really fold in the sticky tabs on the diapers, or they will become stuck in the works and jam up the whole mechanism.Otherwise, it's great!
I just roll the diapers up, put them in the hole and flip the handle.One big benefit over the DG, is that I purchased a roll of scented 8 gallon bags for about $3 before the baby and I still haven't used all the bags - my daughter will be 11 months soon!
Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.
This is also not sanitary, as placing the diapers inside the hole sometimes causes 'stuff' to wipe off on the inside.
Older son also pulls this over way more than he ever did with the Genie, and unfortunately, once he figured how the handle flips over, he puts things down inside the hole and flips the handle, so a few of his smaller toys have ended up down in the bag with the diapers.
I've already had several diaper tabs catch and stick to the &quot;chute&quot; mechanism, thus having to open the lid and unstick the diaper - thankfully, these were not messy ones.Lastly, the &quot;chute&quot; design itself, while a good intention overall, to help &quot;push&quot; the disposed diaper into the bin, I am finding that after about 6-8 diapers are in the bin, unless I physically shake the whole bin to distribute what's already in there, they just pile up one on top of another and then the &quot;chute&quot; doesn't go down all the way when it's flipped over to dispose of the most recent diaper in the &quot;chute&quot;.
BUT about 5 minutes after I put it on the floor my two toddlers figured out you can put things in the hole  and make them disappear!!!
It's not too loud but it can possibly disturb a sleeping baby.-- the latch that allows the whole top to be lifted up in order to change the bag is in an awkward position and is a little tough to pull open.
Once a week take a couple Clorox wipes and wipe inside the hole where you put the dirty diaper, to clean any yucky leftover residue, flip the handle and do the other side, then wipe down the handle.5.
I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I believe nothing is perfect and because of the size, it takes up more space than the Diaper Genie.
To me, it is worth the price of refills not to have to put up with the smell.
When you think of the price of a refil, come on, do you need to think twice.
No smell, no mess, truely one-handed and no expensive refills to have to buy and with gas prices, that is just extra when you have to drive to the store right?!?
And the price is great also!
We purchased a convenient, odor-containing pail for a reasonable price and we don't have to purchase expensive refills.
And thelist goes on.This product is a bit pricey then the rest, but it'sworth every penny.
I think that for the price, it should have lasted longer than two months.
So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.
I use the drawstring tall kitchen garbage bags and it works perfectly!
My childs clothing - including cloth diapers - are virtually stain free.I highly recommend this item.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
You'll save a lot of money by using this one.
We loved it at first since it is so much easier to use than the diaper genie - you just drop the diaper in the slot and flip the handle.
Now, I understand this pail is not marketed for use with cloth diapers so I won't hold that against it, however just in case you are considering it for such a purpose as I did, DON'T.The last complaint I have with this pail is that after only 2 months of use the inner seal broke and fumes were all over the room.
If you use cloth diapers the diaper Champ is a must have, forget the diaper Genie it's a hassle for cloth diapers.
We do empty it at least twice a week, but our baby uses a lot of diapers.
They have the kind that you remove a panel on each side of the box and the baking soda is inside of cheesecloth.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
It holds a lot of diapers so it doesn't need to be changed every day.
We were so disapointed to find out that it does not hold a full laundry load of diapers and cloth wipes.
It also holds a lot of diapers.
As my son has grown and his cloth diapers have gotten bigger, it is sometimes a challenge to stuff the diaper and cover into the cylinder so that it can turn without forcing.
And a lot less expensive, too.
I agree with other reviews that you have to keep it clean of course -- and the easiest way Ive found so far is to spray it with clorox Lysol, let it air out, and I also use the disposable toilet cloths (scrubbing bubbles brand) and wipe everything down really good each time I take the bag out.
As a first-time mom, I got the great idea that cloth would be better, and this was the only diaper disposal that advertised compatibility with cloth diapers.
I got the Neat diaper disposal system first but gave it up pretty quickly since you have to squish your dirty diaper through a small slot & believe me you never wanna sqeeze a diaper into anything EVER!
It is a little bigger than the other pails, but it holds alot more!
I'd throw it out but it's a lot of plastic to add to a landfill.
It is not anymore difficult than emptying my kitchen trashcan and it smells a lot better!
We decided to buy the Diaper Champ after the second baby 'cause we heard such good things about it - and now with 2 kids we knew we would be filling it up a lot.
It is a fabulous diaper pail--great for cloth or disposable and no odors!
I purchased 2 different pails (the other being a lousy product from Fisher Price), one for cloth and one for disposable diapers.
we have been using cloths since then (she is 4 mo) and there is no odor problem.
It reeks of retained vile diaper odor AND the stupid design makes it very difficult to replace the bag with 2 hands.
I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.
We love it's simple design.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
The design of the Genie also resolves the need to tightly close the diaper, and the problem of the wipes soiling the side walls of the Champs's chamber.Yes, you have to buy the cartridges, but stock up when there is a sale, and the extra money isn't such a big deal.Take it from someone who has had both, buy the Diaper Genie.
The unique hopper design allows one-handed use and keeps smells from permeating the nursery.
We have yet to smell a thing!Whoever figured out this design is a genius.
I've already had several diaper tabs catch and stick to the &quot;chute&quot; mechanism, thus having to open the lid and unstick the diaper - thankfully, these were not messy ones.Lastly, the &quot;chute&quot; design itself, while a good intention overall, to help &quot;push&quot; the disposed diaper into the bin, I am finding that after about 6-8 diapers are in the bin, unless I physically shake the whole bin to distribute what's already in there, they just pile up one on top of another and then the &quot;chute&quot; doesn't go down all the way when it's flipped over to dispose of the most recent diaper in the &quot;chute&quot;.
There is one serious design flaw though - the pail is tapered such that the bottom is noticeably larger than the top (probably for balancing purposes).
I was a little skeptical because of its simple design, but it really is so easy to use and I haven't noticed any odors since we've been using it.
Now her room reeks after every poopy diaper so we either have to empty this thing once or twice a day - which is very wasteful and inconvenient - or put up with the smell, which of course, we are not willing to do.
You cannot smell diapers-unless of course you don't change it or clean out.
I agree with other reviews that you have to keep it clean of course -- and the easiest way Ive found so far is to spray it with clorox Lysol, let it air out, and I also use the disposable toilet cloths (scrubbing bubbles brand) and wipe everything down really good each time I take the bag out.
Of course, that is wonderful but it does not outweigh the things we don't like.
1) Each diaper is contained in its own litte pouch via the Genie's twisting mechanism.
If you use cloth diapers the diaper Champ is a must have, forget the diaper Genie it's a hassle for cloth diapers.
Get the wipe in there really good to be sure you are reaching the foam.
I just don't know that you can really expect "odor-free" from any diaper pail.That said, we've been satisfied enough with this pail, but then just yesterday the foam lining on the top came out.
Once some poop got on that mesh/foam insulation, it soaked through, and now there is NO hope for the Diaper Champ.
Since the diaper champ never seals the bag, you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole, if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster, I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings.
We decided to buy the Diaper Champ after the second baby 'cause we heard such good things about it - and now with 2 kids we knew we would be filling it up a lot.
The ease of use factor is amazing, drop a dirty diaper in the hole, grab the handle, give it a flip, the plunger pushes the diaper down and it drops into the can with a little gravitic help.No wrenching, turning, fighting a cartridge bag system.Opening it for the first time was a little hard, but look at that from a child's point of view, a toddler is not going to get into it, and neither is a dog.
I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.
We loved it at first since it is so much easier to use than the diaper genie - you just drop the diaper in the slot and flip the handle.
As a first time parent I highly recommend this!
I had with my first child was only used a month or so and then I just used the outside trash because it was such a pain.I only gave it 4 stars because it is hard to open (I've also broken a nail trying to do it) and I wish the top unhinged all the way; it has a tendancy to slam back shut.
That became an after thot on the first day of a few good poops.
It is easy to use, although when you first start using it you'll need to get used to the way the release mechanism works on the lid when you change the garbage bag.
If you want to do it with one hand, you'll need to step on the bottom of the champ first and then pull up hard.I have another baby on the way, but have already sold my diaper champ.
Later, the wadding that keeps the smell in started to tear so since we were expecting a new baby, we decided to try the New Improved Diaper Champ.This thing is a pain, nothing like the first.
At first I liked this compared to the Diaper genie.
As a first-time mom, I got the great idea that cloth would be better, and this was the only diaper disposal that advertised compatibility with cloth diapers.
I got the Neat diaper disposal system first but gave it up pretty quickly since you have to squish your dirty diaper through a small slot & believe me you never wanna sqeeze a diaper into anything EVER!
I used a Diaper Genie with my first set of twins, and ended up switching to a regular garbage pail to save money.
At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
When you are a first time mom and on a tight budget every little bit helps.
Also, be sure not to try to stuff too many more diapers in once the Champ is full -- you could break the "piston" as my over-zealous husband did with our first Champ.
With our first child we registered for and received the diaper genie.
The diaper genie is not odorless, but it does a much better job of keeping the room fresh smelling for a longer period before you have to empty it.
When releasing the latch (which is, wonderfully, a one-handed job, although it can be a tad bit difficult to squeeze), it springs open rather sharply.
the diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink.
It does a great job blocking odors and best of all, is compatible with ANY plastic bag.
Every time we open it to remove the full bag, we find out just how great a job it does in keeping the smell out of the nursery!The only problem I've had was opening it.
If you are nursing exclusively then the diapers aren't so bad to begin with and it does a great job of containing the smell.
And it does an excellent job of keeping the odor contained, which the diaper genie never did!
You do have to change it often (like 2-3 times per week) in order to cut down on the stink but overall it does a bang up job.
They both do the job :)
My son is still exclusively breastfed, so I don't know if the Diaper Champ will continue doing such a great job once he is on solids, but so far, it has been great; even in the VERY hot weather it has contained all diaper odors!
(referencing other people's reviews) but this pail does NOT do the job.
It does a pretty good job of keeping the smells away.
I think the stink still exists, but other than that it is a decent product.Good luck.
We have the air freshner that goes with it, a second air freshner and odor guard bags and it still stinks!
We are also VERY careful to be sure any dirty diapers are sealed (by the tape) with the wipes wrapped up inside, so that nothing gets on the part of the pail where you drop the diaper in.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
He's now 13 months old so we have really given it a run for it's money.Pros:- I love that you can use regular kitchen sized trash bags.- It's easy to use - just drop the diaper in and flip the handle.- It can hold a lot of diapers(although the more diapers you pack in there, the worse the smell).Cons:- The smell!!
Also it does not smell everytime you dispose off the diaper but when you change the bag you have to hold your breath for that much time (the only down side and the reason for a 4 star rating) but I can handle it and I love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
I am now expecting my second baby and am considering a different pail this time.If you are on a tight budget as I was the first go around, the diaper champ works, but if you can afford the few extra dollars and the refills, I would definately spend the extra money.
I would highly recommend this diaper pail to anyone.
I recommend Diaper Champ to anyone looking for a diaper pail that actually works.
My only issue is that its hard to flip the handle over using one hand - kind of a must when holding on to a squirmy infant.
In fact, I am considering buying one for my church's nursery, after having to smell a pretty foul diaper from one of the other babies there.
Also, to give it a little good smell I buy a 2 pk of stick-ups(.97 cents at Wal-Mart) & stick one in the bottom of the pail.You will not go wrong betting on this one.
You'll save a lot of money by using this one.
I suppose we could buy a second one, but I don't think parents should have to buy a new "diaper pail" every six months or so for $29.99.The other minor disappointment with the Diaper Champ, as many others have mentioned, is the difficulty of opening it to empty.
I should be able to convince my wife to give away the Genies since we got them for free as shower gifts; my only hesitation being that someone else would have to use them.
So even though the Diaper Genie is less expensive, in the long run, the Diaper Champ turns out to be the one that is less expensive.
With the Diaper Champ, I can keep one hand on baby while disposing of the diaper with the other and best of all, no refills.
If you are conservation minded at all, you will appreciate that you can use any bag (including recycled ones) and it only uses one bag to hold a mess of diapers.
For those who take great pride in your manicured nails, ask someone else to open it for you.
Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
This is cheaper than the genie for one, and works just as well in terms of trapping odor.
I highly recommend it to anyone!
So if you own one, or wanna buy one its TERRIFIC, it works "okay" without my little tips, but to keep the room fresh I would try it out, but if you dont know if you wanna buy one...
For those people who complain endlessly about the smell of dirty diapers emanating from the area around the Diaper Champ, I have one suggestion - take out the diapers more often.
:)  I love the Diaper Champ - you can operate it with one hand (allowing you a free hand to hold down a squirming baby on the changing table), no special bags to purchase, and odor-free if you stay on top of changing the bag and spraying with Lysol every few bag changes.
Just one simple flip of the handle puts the diaper in.
We have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.This product has been a life saver and I recommend it highly.
Get this one....
I highly recommend this to anyone who has a baby!
And even if you already have a Genie, if your child is going to be in diapers for more than 6 more months, go out and get a Champ because you'll be saving money in the long run by not having to buy any more refill cartridges!
Biggest advantages over it's biggest competitor (Diaper Genie)...  no costly refills, and you only need one hand to operate.
I could not imagine a diaper pail that would work better than this one.
It is easy to toss a diaper, wipes, etc in while you are changing so you don't have a mess on your changing table and then you can wait until you are through to turn the handle (which can be done easily with one hand).
I love that you can use regular trashbags instead of buying special ones just for the diaper pail.
****Keep in mind you should have a ready supply of bags at your baby's changing station**** This also acts like the genies sauseges, you wrap the stinky ones individually.
*  When preparing to open the Champ, either (1) keep your baby strapped into the changing table, (2) set them down on the floor or into a confined area, or (3) hand the baby to someone with free hands... Why you may ask?
great product, does what is supposed to do, and the best thing is that you don't need to buy refill bags (like Diaper Genie) you end up saving money that can go to diapers or formula...
It's also really easy to use, all you need is one hand to drop and dispose of the diaper.
Or, if you want, I've got a perfectly good one sitting in my basement and you can have it for free.
The Diaper Champ uses an ordinary trash bag so saving money is just another benefit.
I would not recommend buying that one.
I would highly recommend this to anyone!
The original Diaper Champ worked well but this one is horrible!
The diaper champ is so easy and great because you can do it with one hand.
So, if you looking fo advice- like I did, the diaper champ is worth the money.
You do need to disenfect it when you change the bag, but I would recommend that with any product that is a holding tank for feces (you have to disinfect your toilets, too).I have recommended the Diaper Champ over the genie to every one of my friends.
I would recommend this to anyone!The only downfall and why it lost a star is that it has a tendency to close when you are trying to change the bag and has torn more than one.
It takes the plastic grocery store bags that everyone has too many of.
Out of all the new baby items we registered for, this one has no flaws that we can think of.
This one is the best of the bunch.
You won't be wasting money w/ this purchase.
If I'm changing one of the kids diapers, my 2 or 3yr old can dispose of the dirty diaper while I put a clean one on my youngest.
The diaper is gone and the kids actually think it's fun to throw diapers away because they think it's magic how it disapears!!
All with one hand, I can load the diaper, sprinkle some soda on it, and kiss it bye.
You can buy like 100 bags for the cost of one diaper genie refill.
My doctors office has one in the lobby as well for dirty diapers and you can't smell a thing.
You don't have to worry about if you twisted the top enough times, tying knots in the plastic liner before the diapers go everywhere, how to cut the plastic, spending "money" for refills, etc.
I think it's worth the money you save from not having the special refil packs.
Just throw your folded up diaper in the openning on the top and flip the handle the other way and its gone (one thought here that I should note...I have had to fish "Pink Bunny" out of the Diaper Champ a few times during nap time...so consider this too when easy to use is a factor in your purchace.
When releasing the latch (which is, wonderfully, a one-handed job, although it can be a tad bit difficult to squeeze), it springs open rather sharply.
With one baby i only had to change the bag once a week.It is now 2008 and i've had 2 more children (4 total) since I originally wrote this review.
I'm not certain, but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time (that's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months).It's only slightly better than an open diaper pail, but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed.
Odors are nonexistent and the one-handed action is great!
Plan on buying a 2nd system down the road to replace this one.
The Diaper Champ, in contrast, let's you simply drop the diaper into a shute which is atop the device, then flip knob, and, voila, it's gone - no awkward stuffing into internal chamber.
It is also easy to change out the bags.I really like the fact that you can keep one hand on the baby while flipping the handle to drop the diaper - it works really well.
A big plus is that we can use regular garbage bags and we do not have to worry about getting to a store to buy special bags and wasting that money.
We compared this too the other one and decided we liked the idea of the common garbage bag better.
My son likes to put toys in the Champ and we've had several close calls when he was about to send a toy into the pail, never to be seen again (becasue who wants to retrieve it, let alone let their child play with it?!?).
If I would have known what I now today I would not have wasted my money and would have went for the real deal.
I have never had a problem with odor, and it is truely one hand operable, as well as taking less than a second to operate.
All you do is flip the handle over and you're done.
I am reluctant to purchase a new diaper pail, but the hassle with this one is pushing me to it.
We only have one tiny complaint.
Hopefully, we can get another one for the new baby and maintain it properly from the beginning!This is a great product that really works.
A major plus if you ask me, since everyone has some trash bags hanging around, and who wants to run to Babies'r'us or Target to get refills for their diaper disposal system when they have an infant to tote around with them.So in my experience, great odor control and ability to use any trash bag in the Diaper Champ is what makes it number one in my book.
Our baby is now 3 weeks old and we have been using cloth diapers for 2 weeks and the diaper champ is doing great....no smell, no hassle with bags, no hassle getting the bag out and to the laundry room.Someone else wrote that the product has a design flaw in that the diapers can get stuck in the top.
Also, it's really easy to clean -- not that it gets really dirty, but you've got to stay on top of it (again ... given what it's supposed to hold ....).An excellent addition to our baby's room ... you can also use it with one hand while you hold your little one on the changing table (no small benefit either).
It's hard to move the knobs let alone twist them.$40 for a used diaper champ... not worth it.
If you want to do it with one hand, you'll need to step on the bottom of the champ first and then pull up hard.I have another baby on the way, but have already sold my diaper champ.
It is about darn time that someone listens to us parents and makes something that is not only economical but also looks nice.
I bought it at the store, 29.99, I clipped a coupon out of the Sunday paper for 20% off any one item at Toys R Us, so I ended up paying a little over 20.00 for it.
I think there is a seal that broke (maybe because my husband liked to try and force the diapers down and didn't make sure the sticky tabs on the diaper were secure so it would get jammed) and ever since you can smell even one diaper in it.
No annoying refill bags (expensive; and am I the only one who fears realizing I'm out of refills at a critical moment?)
I'm not one to write negative reviews without including positives.
When I registered for The Diaper Champ I was a bit afraid I might be wasting my money.
My husband liked it so much he wants to buy another one for the den just for regular trash!!!
I am so glad I did, I mean I for one do not find it the least bit pleasant to have to squish down a poopy diaper into a plastic bag with my hands (Diaper genie).
The old one...
I also like the review regarding not disposing of the really smelly ones in the pail.
In fact, I'm buying the Diaper Champ for everyone I know who's having a baby shower, so they don't make the same mistake we did!
:-D  I'd recommend this to anyone!
I am the owner of a used baby store in NJ, (I have a champ there too) and this is one of my hottest items, I have several diaper genies there that just do not sell.You will not be sorry you brought the Diaper Champ.
AND you can use regular trash bags & dispose of the diaper with one hand!
My son is almost two, and let me tell you, little babies just don't produce the smells like the older ones.
Not only are the diapers the ultimate in smelly, but they are quite a bit larger than the newborn ones.
But our new one is completely worthless!
No smell, no mess, truely one-handed and no expensive refills to have to buy and with gas prices, that is just extra when you have to drive to the store right?!?
I even tried wiping with Lysol or Clorox wipes daily &amp; those things are just a waste of time, effort and money.
I would not recommend wasting money on the types that require special bags.
(When done flipping the cylinder you do need to manually push the cylinder all the way down into the unit.)
My new one will be sleeping in her big sisters room so a rancid scent in the room is not an option.
The design of the Genie also resolves the need to tightly close the diaper, and the problem of the wipes soiling the side walls of the Champs's chamber.Yes, you have to buy the cartridges, but stock up when there is a sale, and the extra money isn't such a big deal.Take it from someone who has had both, buy the Diaper Genie.
You know they make the money off of the recurring costs of those refills and not the Genie itself.
A roll of 1000 bags cost me about $6 or $7 (which is about what one refill costs for the Genie).
I don't normally review products but I felt so strongly about this one that I had to.
Now it can no loner retain the stinkiness and we're looking for a replacement.
I used a Diaper Genie with my first set of twins, and ended up switching to a regular garbage pail to save money.
If you really want to save money, but still get a quality product, buy the Diaper Champ.I had a friend recommend it to me, and another friend recommend the Diaper Dekor.
The unique hopper design allows one-handed use and keeps smells from permeating the nursery.
Very easy just to flip the top with one hand.
And it uses the same ones we use in our kitchen!
I am having my second baby and this is one of those things that i call useless baby stuff that i wouldn't buy again.
We change our son, put the diper in the champ and give it one turn.
So I bought two - one for the one year old, and another for my second child, on the way.
I love that it's one handed and not hard to use at all.
Sure it saves money.
I chose this one because I don't have to buy the silly refill cartridges, and I'm glad I made that decision.
I have been truly thrilled with the quality and cost-effectiveness of the Diaper Champ -- so much so that I am buying a SECOND one today so we can retire the old one.
I would highly suggest using this one from the very beginning.
We did have a problem with one of them in that the lining that makes it airtight is starting to come loose, but my husband said that the velcro from the diaper got stuck on it.
I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.
I intend to recycle my two year old Diaper Champ before the baby arrives with a brand new one.
I've already had several diaper tabs catch and stick to the &quot;chute&quot; mechanism, thus having to open the lid and unstick the diaper - thankfully, these were not messy ones.Lastly, the &quot;chute&quot; design itself, while a good intention overall, to help &quot;push&quot; the disposed diaper into the bin, I am finding that after about 6-8 diapers are in the bin, unless I physically shake the whole bin to distribute what's already in there, they just pile up one on top of another and then the &quot;chute&quot; doesn't go down all the way when it's flipped over to dispose of the most recent diaper in the &quot;chute&quot;.
It is also difficult to turn unless the diaper is smashed down as far as it can go in the cylinder.Do not waste your money on the New Diaper Champ.
This is one heck of a product.
I cannot believe that anyone has had good luck with this product.
(3) Only one hand is required to use.
In fact, we actually bought a second one for our lower level where I spend most of the daytime hours with our son.
You can use regular bags instead of special ones.
Just take it outside right away was the only solution anyone could offer.Stubborn me, I kept looking - and I am SO GLAD I did!
Also, it's great that you only need one hand to operate it so that you can still hold on to the baby.
There is one serious design flaw though - the pail is tapered such that the bottom is noticeably larger than the top (probably for balancing purposes).
As a babysitter for someone who had the genie - I could never figure the darn thing out.
I purchased 2 different pails (the other being a lousy product from Fisher Price), one for cloth and one for disposable diapers.
i chose this over the diaper genie because i didn't want to keep pouring money into it for specific bags.
I didn't want to have to buy special bags which are more expensive and just one more thing you can run out of.
Overall, we were satisfied with the product and feel it is worth the money.
It is easy to use & can take any type of bags... who has the time or the money to search for the special genie bags everytime you run out.
I decided to get this diaper disposal system instead of all of the others for one simple fact: NO REFILLS NEEDED!
We have NEVER had any problems with DiaperChamp, and we're still using the one that we purchased in 2001!
since it really keeps the odor inside the pail, can be a little loud as it slides down into the pail, especially in the quiet hours in the middle of the night when you're trying to get baby back to sleep.
Later, the wadding that keeps the smell in started to tear so since we were expecting a new baby, we decided to try the New Improved Diaper Champ.This thing is a pain, nothing like the first.
So far, keeps odor out except when changing the bag.JUST ONE BAD THING...The only reason why we gave it only 4 stars is because sometimes wipes and even the velcro diaper tabs get caught in the space on the sides when flipping the handle to dump the diaper in the canister.
The unique hopper design allows one-handed use and keeps smells from permeating the nursery.
I bought a Diaper Champ and mostly love it - except that the rubber ring at the top keeps popping out of alignment therefore making it next to IMPOSSIBLE to turn.
It works like advertised and keeps the odors at bay.
It keeps the smell at bay pretty well and is very easy to use.
I chose the Diaper Champ because it only takes one hand to use, I can use regular bags, it holds more diapers and it keeps the odor in check.
It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.
It keeps the smell OUT completely!
This is a great diaper pail, easy to use and keeps the odor in.
The ease of use factor is amazing, drop a dirty diaper in the hole, grab the handle, give it a flip, the plunger pushes the diaper down and it drops into the can with a little gravitic help.No wrenching, turning, fighting a cartridge bag system.Opening it for the first time was a little hard, but look at that from a child's point of view, a toddler is not going to get into it, and neither is a dog.
I know it is ready for a new bag when the plunger doesn't go all the way down.
By trash day the pail is full, easily indicated by having to push the plunger down manually because the other dirty diapers are close to the top.
The plunger can make a loud 'thud' if you turn the handle quickly so at night I just leave the diaper sitting on top until baby is awake, or turn it really slowly.
I empty it daily and give the inside and the plunger (both sides) a quick spray of the Lysol.
Once some poop got on that mesh/foam insulation, it soaked through, and now there is NO hope for the Diaper Champ.
